 Chase is on a mission to deliver a customer-obsessed experience by improving clock speed and providing first class customer interactions.  In order to achieve this mission it aims to be an AI fueled organization focused on improving and simplifying the experience of our customers and employees.  The role is a unique opportunity for an experienced, well rounded and versatile practitioner in analytics.  Qualifications and Required Skills:.  4+ years of industry hands on experience in leveraging analytics and data science (including ML) to solve business problems.  Bachelors degree in quantitative field required, advanced degree preferred in analytical field (e.  Strong, problem solver who can help the team define articulate the business problem and its impact, create pragmatic solutions to address it, plan and execute the implementation.  Expert knowledge in quantitative methods for business, general data science and ML.  Experience in practical data processing working with Large scale datasets and Big Data environment, data mining, text mining and information retrieval.  Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (e.  Proficiency in SQL and Python required.  Ability to work in large and medium sized project teams, as self-directed contributor with a proven track record of being detail orientated, innovative, creative, and strategic.  Excellent communicator able to convey complex information in an understandable, compelling, and persuasive manner at all levels.  Familiarity with Agile, experience with Agile is a plus
 Experience Engineer.  Experience Engineer to join our team.  Experience team to create and collaborate with the development and business groups.  The user experience team is a small diverse team made up of UX Designers and UX Engineers.  We actively try to find people with different perspectives and experiences to the ones we already have.  Implement new styles, interactions, animations, and details to help deliver the perfect experience across our platform.  Experience with Javascript Frameworks (e.  Experience with Sass and a sharp eye for implementing design details.  Strong written & verbal communication and presentation skills.  Strong collaboration skills.  Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently.  Experience working with design systems.  Competitive salary - We pay very well at market rates reflecting both location and experience
Required Skills/.  Experience .  Bachelors degree in engineering or any of the quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics or Econometrics with 4+ years of relevant experience, or a .  Masters degree or MBA with 2+ years of relevant experience.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings.  Familiarity with the application of analytics to sales, marketing or managed markets problems in the pharmaceutical industry Drive and desire to work in a growing entrepreneurial fast paced organization with a global delivery model Job Type: Full-time
 Ideally, we are looking for someone with an engineering background in electrical and mechanical engineering with experience designing and integrating complex systems You are best suited for this role if you enjoy both technical and managerial roles and are passionate about developing technology to solve problems.  You are an engineer with a strong technical background seeking to take your career to the next level or an experienced project manager with a varied set of backgrounds and experiences.  Bachelor s degree in appropriate Engineering disciple (Electrical, Mechanical, Robotics) required.  1+ years of overall engineering experience required.  Direct experience working with an engineering group with an engineering background in high-tech fields.  Experience in more than one area of product development: prototyping, design, fabrication, integration, and testing.  Ability to travel domestically and internationally if required.  A Master s or Ph.  degree in engineering.  Knowledge and/or experience in one or more of the following areas: Control Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Sensors, Robotics.  Experience writing proposals
-level scientist with at least two years of postdoctoral experience, and a consistent and outstanding record of creativity and performance in digital pathology, computer vision, and machine learning, evidenced by peer reviewed publications in top tier journals or patent applications.  Demonstrated extensive experience with machine learning and AI, preferably deep learning.  Minimum of 2 years postdoctoral or industry experience in an AI-related field.  Experience in clinical drug development or medical devices is beneficial.  Experience in the field of digital pathology is a strong plus.  Experience with skills such as cell phenotyping using multiplexed imaging data, and common digital pathology software such as Visiopharm or HALO would be a particular asset.  Excellent team working skills and experience working in interdisciplinary environment
 This position requires hands-on experience with modern analytical instrumentation, the ability to simultaneously support 3-5 development programs, and solid method and instrument troubleshooting skills.  in chemical engineering or chemistry, or a closely related field with 0-5 years of experience.  Strong fundamental knowledge of organic chemistry, spectroscopy, and chromatography; demonstrated ability to apply these skills in the development of small molecules, peptides and/or polymers.  Hands-on experience with a wide variety of modern analytical instrumentation including, ReactIR, ReactRaman, particle size measurement and in-depth understanding of modern spectroscopic techniques.  Knowledge of Matlab and multivariate analysis is desired.  Experience in feedback control leading to automated process optimization and artificial intelligence is highly valuable.  Ability to take initiatives, provide strategic input, and solve problems
 in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Robotics, Physics, Mathematics or related field or related scientific discipline with 2yrs+ of demonstrated experience specifically in image processing or computer vision.  Masters degree in Image Analysis, Computer Vision, Pattern Recognition or Artificial Intelligence with 6yrs+ of equivalent experience.  Experience in the design and optimization of deep neural networks architectures for image classification, object detection, sematic segmentation, machine vision applications at the edge.  Strong programming skills in Python and C/C++ programming with the ability to quickly create prototype solutions on Unix / Linux / embedded platforms.  Experience working with open source libraries and toolkits on embedded imaging devices using tools such as SciKit-Image, TensorFlow, Torch, Theano, OpenCV, ROS, ORB_SLAM, VLFeat, Keras, MXNet.  Practical cloud computing experience with AWS technologies (EC2, S3, ECS, etc. ) and experience in high performance and data intensive platforms.  Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude with the ability to thrive in a fast-paced dynamic environment.  Experience in research, life sciences, or in data science is a plus.  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to work as part of a global team and, at times, independently while appropriately prioritizing tasks.  Strong verbal and written communication skills in English are required.  Experience in Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Convolutional Neural Networks, Deep Learning for Imaging Applications, Generative Image Models.  Experience working with containerized applications and orchestration such as Docker Swarm and/or Kubernetes.  Experience working with robotics, automation systems and reinforcement learning paradigms
 Solid experience with software development or software application security.  Proven ability to deliver solution strategies and implementations to clients.  Experience running small consulting/delivery teams and project execution.  Ability to create presentations, proposals and SOWs.  Written communication skills include: formal documentation, statements of work, proposals, sources sought and request for information responses, white papers, case studies.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent.  Masters Degree preferred
 Masters degree in science, engineering or a technical field, with research emphasis in advanced process modeling, optimization, and/or control required.  Strong knowledge of various modeling techniques including first-principles, empirical, data-driven, and hybrid models, applied mathematics and numerical methods.  Strong programming and computer skills: Python, R, MATLAB/Simulink, C/C++, JavaScript, or Java.  Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional global teams.  Ability to manage and drive technical projects proactively with minimum supervision.  Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques and familiarity with related libraries (e.  Knowledge of any of the following engineering principles: Reaction Kinetics, Reactor Design, Thermodynamics, Heat and Mass Transfer, Engineering Statistics, Modeling and Simulation.  Hands-on experience with Process Analytical Technologies (PAT) such as NIR or Raman spectroscopy and Chemometrics modeling.  Knowledge of optimization algorithms.  Familiarity with industrial automation systems.  General familiarity with the Pharmaceutical Industry and related unit operations, as well as regulatory aspects and cGMP concepts.  Working experience with modelling/simulation software and IIoT platforms: PharmaMV, DeltaV, gPROMS, SIMCA, OSI PI, Flow sheet simulation packages, ThingWorx
 Knowledge of x-ray, neutron or electron diffraction/scattering, synchrotron radiation experiments, data analysis, data science, statistics and applied mathematics, software development in general and python programming in particular, are desirable but not required.  In addition, experience in in situ experimentation, database setup and cloud computing is valuable
 Experience Youll Need (Required):.  3-7 years of professional experience in an analytics role at a health plan/payer/insurer, healthcare analytics firm, consulting firm, or hospital system. , CMS-HCC, HHS-HCC, CDPS) and risk adjustment in healthcare.  Experience working with healthcare data (claims, encounter submissions, eligibility, etc.  Proven ability to approach complex problems and design, execute, and communicate data-driven solutions.  Graduate degree with a quantitative, healthcare, or technical focus (e.  Prior employment or consulting experience with Medicaid MCOs.  Experience interpreting state Medicaid agency rate setting documentation.  Experience with predictive modeling or machine learning.  Exceptional Presentation Skills
 Imagen's technical team is comprised of machine learning PhDs and engineers with extensive experience doing research and building technology and products at leading companies, including Google and Facebook.  2-4 years of experience managing complex data sets and creating meaningful insights.  Proven track record of delivering results against tight timelines and constrained budgets
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience as a Systems Engineer or Product Owner.  Experience working in a multi-project, multiple customer environment.  Experience in systems engineering activities such as requirements definition, system design and architecture, operational environment integration and testing.  Experience in End-to-End/System-of-System integration.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Experience with Agile development methodologies.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Experience supporting briefings and engagements with customers.  Ability to perform effectively in a team environment, interacting with developers, technical leadership, other engineers, and management.  Desired Skills:.  Experience interfacing with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Space Force or Air Force personnel at various levels, ideally with experience in both acquisition programs and operational units of multiple services Understanding of the operational and tactical level command and control and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance systems in use by the U.  Ability to build strong relationships with program internal and external stakeholders and peers.  Ability to facilitate group discussions to close on technical solutions with senior team members.  Experience with AI/ML concepts, tools, and methodologies.  Experience with on-contract, new work proposal development such as Task Orders, major Engineering Change Proposals or the equivalent inclusive of customer engagement, scope definition, solution development, cost estimating and sub-contractor engagement Active TS/SCI clearance The candidate should possess a high degree of ethics, strong core values and an optimistic outlook, and show the ability to work independently with initiative, creativity and innovation.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional
 Must be highly organized & be able to pitch the perfect candidate. Utilize ODSC Jobs Platform to generate new revenues for the company Provide support to research and compile background information on potential event partners & potential candidates Essential Skills and .  Experience: .  Ability to work and handle a large amount of data and information in Excel Recruiting quality candidates Interviewing Skills People Skills Employment Law Professionalism Project Management Good at Judgment.  Excellent English verbal and written communication skills.  Ability to work under general supervision and must be detail-oriented*Job Type: Full-time.  Experience: technical recruiting: 2 years (Preferred)working: 2 years (Preferred)good communication: 2 years (Preferred)recruiting: 2 years (Preferred)client relationship management: 2 years ??
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/57-63 months of full-time verifiable work experience/must have hands-on experience utilizing Earth Science data for research and operations/experience in machine learning algorithms is required/must have experience with Linux/Master's degree in Computer Science is preferred/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, and Data Mining is desired/experience with Python is preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired.  Master's degree in Computer Science is preferred/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, and Data Mining is desired/experience with Python is preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/57-63 months of full-time verifiable work experience/must have hands-on experience utilizing Earth Science data for research and operations/experience in machine learning algorithms is required/must have experience with Linux.  Master's degree in Computer Science is preferred/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, and Data Mining is desired/experience with Python is preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/57-63 months of full-time verifiable work experience/must have hands-on experience utilizing Earth Science data for research and operations/experience in machine learning algorithms is required/must have experience with Linux/Master's degree in Computer Science is preferred/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, and Data Mining is desired/experience with Python is preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired.  Master's degree in Computer Science is preferred/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, and Data Mining is desired/experience with Python is preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field/21 months of full-time verifiable work experience/must have hands-on experience utilizing Earth Science data for research or operations/experience in writing scientific papers is required/must have excellent written and oral communication skills/working knowledge of Linux is required.  Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferred/hands-on experience utilizing NASA Earth Science data is desired/technical writing skills preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Mining and Natural Language Processing is preferred/experience with Python, Tensor Flow, and Keras is desired/experience with Application Program Interface (API) design and implementation is preferred
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field/21 months of full-time verifiable work experience/must have hands-on experience utilizing Earth Science data for research or operations/experience in writing scientific papers is required/must have excellent written and oral communication skills/working knowledge of Linux is required.  Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field is preferred/hands-on experience utilizing NASA Earth Science data is desired/technical writing skills preferred/experience writing and analyzing research articles is desired/experience with Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Data Mining and Natural Language Processing is preferred/experience with Python, Tensor Flow, and Keras is desired/experience with Application Program Interface (API) design and implementation is preferred
 Master's degree in computer science (or related discipline).  Experience working on distributed, collaborative teams.  Experience working on research-oriented projects.  Experience with developer tools, including Git and Jira.  Experience with Agile development best practices and tools.  Experience with deployment using Amazon Web Services (AWS) or similar cloud technologies.  Experience implementing AI or ML models using AWS offerings.  General familiarity and prior experience with the U
 Bachelors with 6+ years of experience, .  Masters with 3+ years of experience, or a Doctorate degree with a strong record of research and development in Computer Science, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field.  Proven R&D experience in computer vision, supervised, unsupervised machine learning/Artificial Intelligence (ML/AI), and image and signal processing.  Excellent programming and software engineering skills.  Hands-on skills and experience developing impactful ML/AI software for heterogeneous, multi-modal data sets.  Excellent communication skills for conveying technical material to both scientists and non-scientists in both written and oral presentations.  Strong desire to work in a team environment.  Experience with Python, C programing languages and Git version control system.  Experience with cloud services containers, such as AWS and Docker.  Experience working in Agile/SCRUM teams.  Experience with sklearn, PyTorch, Keras, TensorFlow, Jupyter Notebooks.  Experience with OpenCV, DLib.  Experience with commercial and open source biometrics recognition software and data sets.  Experience with Computational Imaging and Image Reconstruction techniques.  Familiarity with federal funding procedures, regulations, policies and practices.  Experience developing and managing research projects
 Joining our team means contributing to commercialization of some of the most exciting technologies the world has ever seen including superconducting and 3D ICs, carbon nanotube and photonic logic devices, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and other emerging device topologies.  Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways.  Experience and/or Training:.  Minimum 5 years of proven work experience in an Executive Associate/Assistant role supporting one or more executives.  Experience in effectively and professionally working with senior level executives and Board members within and outside the company, as well as customers, vendors and other visitors.  Knowledge of office procedures.  Strong communication skills (via phone, email and in-person).  Experience exercising discretion and confidentiality with sensitive company information.  Excellent organizational skills with an ability to think proactively and prioritize work.  Solid experience with office management systems, ERPs and MS Office.  Familiarity with online calendars and cloud systems.  Experience using office equipment, including printers and fax machines.  Bachelors degree in business related field.  Ability and willingness to obtain US Government Security Clearance which requires US Citizenship
 Chase is on a mission to deliver a customer-obsessed experience by improving clock speed and providing first class customer interactions.  In order to achieve this mission it aims to be an AI fueled organization focused on improving and simplifying the experience of our customers and employees.  The role is a unique opportunity for an experienced, well rounded and versatile practitioner in analytics.  Qualifications and Required Skills:.  4+ years of industry hands on experience in leveraging advanced data science (including ML) and business analytics to solve business problems.  Bachelors degree in relevant quantitative field required, advanced degree preferred in analytical field (e.  Expert knowledge in quantitative methods for business, advanced data science and ML.  Familiarity with Agile, experience with Agile is a plus.  Experience in practical data processing working with Large scale datasets and Big Data environment, data mining, text mining and information retrieval.  Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (e.  Proficiency in SQL and Python or R required.  Ability to work in large and medium sized project teams, as self-directed contributor with a proven track record of being detail orientated, innovative, creative, and strategic.  Excellent communicator able to convey complex information in an understandable, compelling, and persuasive manner at all levels.  Experience of leading teams with a proven track record of being driving value for the business;.  Experience with Agile is a plus
 The ideal candidate will have experience in analyzing and understanding at least one -omics (genomics, transcriptomics, metabolomics, etc.  Masters degree or equivalent experience in bioinformatics, computer science, computer engineering or related field.  Experience in aggregating and analyzing at least one -omics technology.  Strong analytical and technical skills with a high level of attention to detail.  Ability to handle and prioritize multiple tasks.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Preferred Skills.  Experience with healthcare data standards (CDISC, HL7, DICOM), genetics data formats, and genetics data analysis.  Experience with Semantic Web technologies, including OWL, RDF, and SPARQL.  Ability to contribute to the software development team using R, Python, JavaScript, or Java.  Our experienced and highly qualified technical staff continuously expands the state of the art by applying the latest advancements in technology to address current and emerging issues in medical informatics
Requires 5 to 8 years with BS/BA or 3 to 5 years with MS/MA or 0 to 2 years with PhD.  Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areas.  Experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Python, JavaU
 1+ years experience in a technical support role at a technology company.  Strong interest in technology with excellent problem-solving skills, with an initiative to research and craft creative technical solutions.  Strong communication skills (written and verbal) in order to interact effectively with coworkers and clients.  Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical users.  Passionate about providing a great customer experience and helping users.  Strong attention to detail and organization skills.  Ability to empathize with and advocate for our customers.  Ability to quickly learn new concepts and teach others.  Experience with any of the following; Salesforce, Jira, Asana, Talk Desk.  BS in Technology or Business fields; or significant eDiscovery data processing experience in lieu of degree.  Experience creating technical documentation.  Prior litigation support or consulting experience
 1+ years experience in a technical support role at a technology company.  Strong interest in technology with excellent problem-solving skills, with an initiative to research and craft creative technical solutions.  Strong communication skills (written and verbal) in order to interact effectively with coworkers and clients.  Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical users.  Passionate about providing a great customer experience and helping users.  Strong attention to detail and organization skills.  Ability to empathize with and advocate for our customers.  Ability to quickly learn new concepts and teach others.  Ability to work the afternoon shift which is Monday through Friday from 2pm ??10pm.  Experience with any of the following; Salesforce, Jira, Asana, Talk Desk.  BS in Technology or Business fields; or significant eDiscovery data processing experience in lieu of degree.  Experience creating technical documentation.  Prior litigation support or consulting experience
Junior Sales Responsibilities: 夷?Works on inbound and outbound prospects夷?Reach out to prospects in the form of cold calls, emails, or social networks夷?Contacting and acquiring new sales leads夷?Understanding customer requirements夷?Interact with prospects to provide exceptional customer experience夷?Engage and qualify inbound leads and inquiries夷?Work closely with sales and marketing to develop account intelligence and relationship maps夷?Schedule appointments and demos夷?Meeting regular team sales targets夷?Supporting the new sales team in acquiring new leads and driving opportunities to closure夷?Assist in the creation of technical presentations and proposals夷?Providing sales assistance and product education夷?Follow up with sales prospects夷?Tracking and reporting progress against sales targets Junior Sales Required Skills: Aptitude to learn new technologies and concepts rapidly Fast paced and proven track record of high number of customer interactions Driven and strong desire to compete and win Track record of providing exceptional customer experience Capability of understanding customer pain points, requirements and correlating potential business Promotes a strong sense of urgency for reaching goals and key deliverables.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and administrative skills BA/BS degree or equivalent related work experience preferred Previous Salesforce or CRM platform experience is highly preferred Effective and efficient problem-solving skills with a focus on providing the best possible solution A passionate team player who strives to serve the customer.  Excellent objection handling, presentation, and communication skills Junior Sales Necessary Attributes: 夷?.  Ability to understand and manage the expectations of a range of stakeholders夷?.  Excellent communication and strong project management skills夷?Exceptional attention to detail and process夷?.  Ability to handle multiple tasks at one time and effectively work under tight deadlines This position requires the candidate to work on-site in our Tampa office.  Experience: Sales: 1 year (Required)Education: Bachelor's 
 BS/BA in technical (e. , Marketing/MIS) field or equivalent work experience required.  1+ years of professional experience beyond education requirements above.  Type of experience varies depending on Consultants specialization:.  Implementation; Solutions: broad skills in both technology; analysis.  Expert Services: deep skills in specialized technical; functional areas.  Experience:.  Prior consulting experience.  Familiarity with project life cycles.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Expertise.  Strong verbal and written communication, interpersonal and collaborative skills.  Bachelor's degree or equivalent relevant experience.  Knowledge of financial concepts: stock market, trading concepts, financial instruments, derivatives, hedge funds
 In order to effectively fulfill this position the incumbent must be in contact with the following: Clinical Solutions, Clinical Partnerships, Care Management, Health and Quality Management, Health Value Transformation, Provider Network, Pharmacy, Actuary, Provider Reimbursement, and Actuarial, Payment Innovation, IT, Marketing, external vendors, Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and other plan BCBS plan partners.  Requires a bachelors degree in health care informatics, statistics, economics, mathematics, analytics, computer science, finance or other quantitative disciplines.  Two years of relevant work experience required.  Graduate degrees in related fields may be used to substitute for two (.  Masters) or four (Doctorial) years of work experience.  Must have proficiency with commonly used database, spreadsheet, and word processing software (i.  MS SQL Server, Teradata Studio, MS Access, MS Excel, MS Word).  Proficiency in a common statistical analysis software package required (e.  Proficiency in data visualization software is required (e.  Proficiency in programming language is preferred (e.  Experience in developing and implementing predictive models resulting in improved outcome/processes is preferred.  Must be able to work independently with little supervision.  Ability to manage multiple, competing priorities and maintain appropriate balance between business demands and priorities of the Data Analytics Division.  All BCBSLA EMPLOYEES please apply through Workday Careers
 This full-time position provides the opportunity to work with cutting-edge data science and artificial intelligence technologies under the direction of the Master of Science in Analytics program director.  This role allows for freedom to research, benchmark and implement new technologies to further the goals of the Master of Science in Analytics program.  Maintain the computing resources of the MSiA program.  Successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in a major such as computer science, information technology, or related; OR appropriate combination of education and experience.  Minimum Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities).  Prior database experience.  Knowledge of SQL.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Experience in an academic environment.  Experience working in various operating system environments (Linux and Windows).  2-3 years of related experience.  Ability to maintain effective internal and external working relationships.  Ability to manage time efficiently and perform effectively with minimal supervision.  Demonstrated experience with analytics tools and software
 Strong demonstrated experience developing community partnerships and engagements for applying scientific research to practice.  Ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner.  Strong theoretical knowledge of environmental hazards and sustainability, attained through a graduate degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of experience/education.  In-depth knowledge of GIS software, applications programming, database administration, user interface and experience design and web application development.  Excellent knowledge of GIS systems.  Experience with open source GIS tools such as GDAL, and GIS formats including Shapefiles, GeoJSON, and GeoTIFF.  Experience with the synthesis and analysis of data for research, scientific visualization, and related public policy management issues.  Advanced demonstrated research experience with a focus on interdisciplinary and spatial data science research methods with scientific visualization using GIS and remote sensing.  Must have access to reliable transportation
Qualifications: Availability to work on-call1 year of office support or mail room experience.  Ability to remain professional.  Ability to learn skills quickly.  Ability to navigate internal software programs.  Ability to walk, bend, kneel, stand, and/or sit for an extended period of time.  Ability to lift or move 50 lbs. SPS is committed to delivering high caliber outsourcing experience to our clients and offering our employees challenging and exciting career opportunities throughout the North America region and globally.  Experience: Mail (shipping, sorting, receiving, etc): 1 year (Preferred)Professional work: 1 year (Required)Education: High school or equivalent (Preferred)Language: English 
 Strong proven experience developing community partnerships and engagements for applying scientific research to practice.  Ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner.  Thorough theoretical knowledge of environmental hazards and sustainability, attained through a graduate degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of experience/education.  In-depth knowledge of GIS software, applications programming, database administration, user interface and experience design and web application development.  Experience with open source GIS tools such as GDAL, and GIS formats including Shapefiles, GeoJSON, and GeoTIFF.  Demonstrated experience with the synthesis and analysis of data for research, scientific visualization, and related public policy management issues.  Advanced demonstrated research experience with a focus on interdisciplinary and spatial data science research methods with scientific visualization using GIS and remote sensing.  Must have access to reliable transportation
 You are a seasoned data scientist and innovator with interest and experience in Real-World .  Evidence (RWE) generation through advanced analytics and innovative approaches.  Evidence (CORE) to develop advanced, strategic real-world data capabilities and support market access, reimbursement and other business imperatives.  Evidence Leads and cross-functional stakeholders to deliver actionable insights from real-world data in support of the product line Value .  Evidence strategy.  Master degree with at least 6 years relevant work experience is required.  Experience and Skills**:.  Six or more years of experience in analyzing healthcare administrative data, electronic health records, and/or disease/patient registries for relevant quantitative and qualitative research.  Experience with advanced information technology (e.  Healthcare or pharmaceutical industry experience and business acumen.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience with the whole life cycle of rea-world evidence and outcomes studies (planning, generation, and dissemination).  Exposure with payer analytics and/or HTA methodologies for value-based contracting.  Experience with Big Data technology (such as AWS Redshift).  Exposure/familiarity with cognitive computing/artificial intelligence.  Exposure/familiarity in Natural Language Process (NLP) and social media data mining.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific
 Experience:.  Three (3) or more years of data analytics project experience, required Prior financial and/or economic analysis, business valuation, public accounting, forensic technology, consulting or law enforcement experience, preferred UiPath experience, preferred.  Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning, preferred.  License/Certifications:.  Experience with .  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong analytical skills and basic research skills related to the retrieval and organization of high volumes of information Solid organizational skills especially ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Proven ability to work in a deadline-driven environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm.  Ability to encourage team environment on engagements and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel Executive presence and ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.  Ability to travel as necessary
 Experience:.  Three (3) or more years of data analytics project experience, required Prior financial and/or economic analysis, business valuation, public accounting, forensic technology, consulting or law enforcement experience, preferred UiPath experience, preferred.  Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning, preferred.  License/Certifications:.  Experience with .  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong analytical skills and basic research skills related to the retrieval and organization of high volumes of information Solid organizational skills especially ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Proven ability to work in a deadline-driven environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm.  Ability to encourage team environment on engagements and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel Executive presence and ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.  Ability to travel as necessary
 Expert Systems (EISES) developed in the python programming derivative called PyKnow.  Bachelors degree in oceanography, mathematics, physics, computer programming, engineering, environmental science or other related fields.  The incumbent must have excellent written and oral communication skills in order to communicate with a diverse group of people in large collaborative projects
 With more than 800 systems on-line or being installed in 75 jurisdictions across six states and three countries, Stem has more experience installing and operating advanced energy storage systems than every other provider combined.  Required Skills.  Proficient experience in financial modeling and data analysis.  Ability to distill insights from large volumes of data.  Excellent (English) communication skills, both written and oral, including the ability to convey ideas and positions clearly.  Familiarity with SalesForce (Netsuite also a plus).  Experience.  Strong educational background (e.  Masters degree in related fields) or commensurate experience.  2+ years of relevant work experience, preferably in energy, solar, energy storage, finance, and/or SaaS.  Financial transaction experience
 This individual must be an experienced standout with extensive knowledge in client relationship management, technical implementations, the project lifecycle, continuous improvement and automation of processes, as well as strategic approaches to managing clients and projects successfully.  Bachelors degree in business, science, or related field; advanced degree is preferred.  Experience managing direct reports and/or overseeing performance and personnel development.  At least seven (7) years experience in project management or related role(s) in the healthcare technology or Pharmaceutical industry; clinical trials knowledge is a must.  Must be self-directed, results-oriented coupled with strong attention to detail, strong people skills and good judgment.  Must possess strong client and vendor communication skills, with an ability to convey complex service project information and resolve project issues.  Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and prioritize in fast-paced, highly demanding environment.  Ability and willingness to roll up your sleeves to implement a cutting-edge clinical trial solution.  Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.  Ability to travel 20-30%.  Ability to effectively communicate in English
REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's in Mathematics, Psychology or related social science.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office products Demonstrably strong verbal, written, and communication skills Some coursework in applied statistics.  Ability to research solutions to problems.  Strong time management and organizational skills Desire to take accountability of projects and quality Testing experience preferred Vantage Learning is an Equal Opportunity Employer
*Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: *Assisting in all aspects of prompt development, content management, and essay scoring Completing essay scoring assignments accurately and on time Contacting clients and remote scorers, as directed, to support scheduling and logistics Composing responses to customer questions in areas directly related to services provided by Content & Assessment Services Supporting process to develop new and improve existing scoring models Producing content at appropriate pace Working closely with content and assessment team members Contributing to audio and video authoring and production activities as needed Preparing and maintaining a variety of process and content-related documentation Assisting in any additional duties deemed necessary by Vantage management*Qualifications/Skills: ??.  Bachelors degree in English or related field.  Strong command of the English language Passion for writing A high attention to detail and commitment to quality.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office products Can work well individually or as part of a team.  Ability to multitask effectively Deadline driven.  Strong time management skills Good technical skills Vantage is an Equal Opportunity Employer Job Type: Full-time
 Master Degree in Science/Business;.  5 years of experience in Software Technology and Software as a Service (SaaS) product companies;.  Proven business acumen;.  Proven ability to work in a large international company with a matrix organization;.  Proven ability to drive measurable outcomes with virtual teams;.  Experienced leadership, communication and displaying interpersonal skills to lead cross-functional, multi-cultural teams as well as business partnerships;.  Strong drive for results and delivery of objectives;.  Experience with Health Information Technology products / ecosystems preferred;.  Proven product experience managing and delivering software solutions in Agile, Cloud and DevOps environments;.  Exposure to managing Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning based products / offerings is highly desired;.  Experience with radiology / cardiology or medical device product domains is a plus
Juris Doctor (JD) and admitted to at least one state bar (or equivalent)2+ years of legal experience.  Compensation based on experience and includes equity compensation.  In-house experience at a technology company.  Experience with cloud computing compliance and regulatory regimes
 Experienced Power BI Platform .  Expert, Architect, and administrator to support and maintain the Power BI platform with multiple subscription models (Embedded, Premium, and Pro licenses).  Experience with Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, DAX and SQL.  5+ years Power BI experience in MS Power BI connection types (Oracle direct, Azure SQL data warehouse, ODBC), configurations and data flows (power query).  Current experience in administering Power BI permissions, roles, security and securing data layers based on specific identifiers such as role and/or agency.  Experience in creating SSAS tabular models.  Experience to connect to and transform data in Power BI.  Experience producing Power BI data models and recommending best practices for the creation of reports and graphics/visualizations.  Experience with enterprise BI solution development using Azure components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake.  Hands-on experience with enterprise business intelligence solution data modeling, data mart and data warehouse architecture.  The position calls for a seasoned IT professional with leadership qualities and background with 10+ years' experience in IT.  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience
 Experienced Power BI Platform .  Expert, Architect, and administrator to support and maintain the Power BI platform with multiple subscription models (Embedded, Premium, and Pro licenses).  Experience with Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, DAX and SQL.  5+ years Power BI experience in MS Power BI connection types (Oracle direct, Azure SQL data warehouse, ODBC), configurations and data flows (power query).  Current experience in administering Power BI permissions, roles, security and securing data layers based on specific identifiers such as role and/or agency.  Experience in creating SSAS tabular models.  Experience to connect to and transform data in Power BI.  Experience producing Power BI data models and recommending best practices for the creation of reports and graphics/visualizations.  Experience with enterprise BI solution development using Azure components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake.  Hands-on experience with enterprise business intelligence solution data modeling, data mart and data warehouse architecture.  The position calls for a seasoned IT professional with leadership qualities and background with 10+ years' experience in IT.  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience
 machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence) to deliver better predictions and/or intelligent automation that enables smarter business decisions, improved customer experience, and drives productivity.  Uses technical expertise to support growing the business of Capital Markets and delivering an exceptional customer experience in partnership with colleagues.  Provides support for an outstanding client experience.  Typically between 4 - 6 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Knowledge of visualization techniques and concepts.  Knowledge of distributed computing and/or distributed databases.  Experience with distributed computing language (e.  Experience with programming languages (e.  Experience in statistical analysis, data mining, and data cleansing / transformation.  Knowledge of Capital Markets technical/business environment and processes.  Technical proficiency gained through education and/or business experience.  From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, well help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset
 BS in Computer Science or related discipline, with a minimum of 3 years of professional experience as a software developer/engineer in a collaborative team environment, or a MS in Computer Science or related, with 1 year of professional experience as a software developer/engineer in a collaborative team environment.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:.  Knowledge and Learning: You possess broad technical experience and interest in computer science and applied technology such as human-computer interaction, data analytics and machine learning, advanced computing, and autonomy and adaptive systems.  Experience:.   Technical Teamwork: You have experience participating on high-technology teams for a variety of projects, including open-source development projects.  Knowledge of Department of Defense and Intelligence Community: You are familiar with DoD or Intelligence Community software systems acquisition practices
 Conceptualize and create an engaging user experience with components that may include graphical user interface, page layout design, interactivity, and flow.  Bachelors degree in a STEM field plus 2-4 years of relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experience in one or more of the following: Python, R, Matlab, Javascript, Java, C++, machine learning, artificial intelligence, engineering simulations, robotics, linear algebra, matrix algebra, SQL, ANSYS, HTML/CSS.  Proven ability to effectively navigate amidst ambiguity and rapid change.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including strong collaborative qualities, and the ability to explain technical concepts in non-technical terms to SMEs (subject matter experts) and students.  Excellent editorial skills, including the ability to author course content in a conversational tone and storytelling capabilities.  Excellent time and project management skills; proven ability to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines, ensuring timely delivery.  Ability to work efficiently and effectively with minimal supervision
 With an ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) focus, professional experience should include building AI models using machine learning algorithms and deep learning neural networks to draw technical/business insights, which can be used to make decisions that affect the entire technical subsystem/system/organization.  An significant added plus would be experience defining avionics system/subsystem requirements, familiarity with avionics system analysis, integration, test and evaluation activities, and familiarity with associated ground and airborne design, development, integration and test activities.  Be prepared to demonstrate skills in problem solving, planning/organizing projects, written/oral communication, collaboration and team building ??with a particular focus on AI-based contributions.  10 years professional computer science or engineering experience, at least 6 years of which are in the development and/or application of AI.  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Aerospace or Systems Engineering from an ABET accredited course of study.  Masters or Ph.  degree in AI, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or Systems Engineering is highly desirable
 Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.  We're looking for experienced machine learning engineers who are passionate about developing next generation machine learning technologies using data from millions of patients and hundreds of millions of documents to enable novel solutions to impact clinical trial development in the real world.  Master's (with 7+ years related professional experience) or PhD (with 3+ years related professional experience) in computer science or information technology areas with focus on machine learning, artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing.  Experience delivering tech programs or products from inception to delivery.  Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope.  An in-depth understanding and extensive hands-on experiences with machine learning algorithms and modeling (supervised learning, semi-supervised or unsupervised learning including generative models, transfer learning, optimization, probabilistic graphical models, etc.  In depth experience with Spark/Hadoop and either PyTorch/Tensorflow.  Experience in Python with additional experience in Java and Scala.  Experience creating production environment data analytics and applications.  Communication experience with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products.  Organizational, coordination and multi-tasking experience.  Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.  Experience with health data and products is highly preferred
夷?Attend external meetings and calls with vendors夷?Complete and oversee ad-hoc reports, projects, presentations, and team activities Skills夷?Customer Satisfaction Orientation: Delivering exceptional satisfaction to both external and internal customers through transparent collaboration and sustainably broadening and deepening such relationships. 夷?Outstanding communication: Exceptional skills in written and verbal communication. Qualifications夷?High analytical horsepower to drive strategic interpretation of digital activities and develop insights that positively impact the outcome夷?Advanced computer skills are required including MS Office Suite and the ability to learn and utilize internal applications夷?Technical expertise in major frontend, backend, and API languages夷?Project management experience in a large scale project with multiple stakeholders Top candidates will have a/an:夷?.  Strong proficiency in excel (e.  Knowledge of how to run controlled tests and analyzing the results (in any field)夷?.  Experience managing projects with C-suite level stakeholders夷?Pluses: .  Experience with Google Analytics, IBM Coremetrics, SPSS, SQL, Adwords, SAS Enterprise Guide, and similar analytics, statistics, and marketing toolsJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $23
 on experience that enhances their learning.  Strong consideration will be.  Proficiency in Python is required; .  Experience with machine learning.  Proficiency in relevant mathematics, such as.  Ability to communicate technical topics effectively to nontechnical.  Ability to interpret and apply technical papers and articles in research.  Experience with containerization technologies such as
 The Front - End Developer intern will work on AI - related projects in an Agile software development team, collaborating with data scientists, a scrum master, and product owners, gaining hands - on experience that enhances their learning and marketability.  Experience with HTML5 and CSS is highly beneficial; .  Experience with modern JavaScript and related frameworks is highly beneficial; .  Experience with Python is a plus; .  Experience with responsive design and CSS frameworks like Bootstrap is a plus; .  Experience with a code versioning tool such as GitHub is a plus; .  Experience with cloud computing and storage services, especially Amazon Web Services (AWS), is a plus; .  Experience with containerization technologies such as Docker or Kubernetes is a plus.  Previous experience in Agile teams or collaborating with UI/UX designers and data scientists is a plus
 Expert (SME) on Pointing, Acquisition and Tracking (PAT) algorithms.  A Master of Science in electrical, mechanical, aerospace, or computer engineering with coursework and research emphasis on advanced control systems or autonomous systems / robotics.  In lieu of an MS, a BS degree with 5+ years of hands-on experience conducting applied research and developing / implementing complex control, autonomous, unmanned or robotic systems operating in real-world environments is required.  Demonstrated proficiency with either a variety of control / autonomy approaches and algorithms such as PAT or computer vision, both linear and non-linear, or with the full life-cycle of custom electronics and associated software/firmware development for control & autonomous systems.  Strong programming skills in C/C++ or Python and Matlab/Simulink using a Linux development environment.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Additional Desired Skills:.  Hands-on real-world experience with embedded processors, motors, sensors, or mechanisms.  Experience with time-deterministic real-time software
 Theoretical knowledge of a life science in a field related to the research being conducted or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Proven ability to prepare solutions.  Ability to maintain laboratory supplies, keeping written records, and data collection.  Experience with the operation of a personal computer and software application, such as Filemaker, MS Word and Excel.  Experience with the Mac platform and applications is preferred over PC.  Strong communication skills (both verbal and written) needed to interact professionally and effectively in the work environment with all levels including faculty, senior researchers, graduate students, undergraduates and those from various backgrounds with tact and diplomacy.  Ability to care for small lab animals, as well as working with animal and human tissues.  Ability to read, and learn to interpret and apply protocols in conducting research.  Ability in following stepwise experimental protocols.  Ability to perform general lab maintenance, including cleaning and restocking supplies.  Experienced working and maintaining a sterile environment.  Experience with molecular biology techniques.  Cell culture experience.  Experience with mouse handling, surgeries, anesthesia, injections, euthanasia, and tissue harvest.  Knowledge of UCSD Environmental Health and Safety requirements.  Knowledge of radiation safety and biosafety techniques and practices.  Experience to work with chemical, radioisotope, and biological hazards and to recognize safety problems.  Must be willing to work overtime if necessary.  Must be willing to work with small animals.  Must be willing to work in areas that may use pathogenic microbes for experiments.  Must be willing to work with human samples and stem cell-based tools/techniques
 Requires 2 to 5 years with BS/BA or 0 to 2 years with MS/MA/MBA or 8 to 10 years with no degree.  Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areas.  Experience in one or more of the following languages: C, C++, Python, JavaU
 If you have strong software development skills in C, C++, and Python, experience with debuggers like gdb, Valgrind, windbg, understand network protocols and inter-process communication, and are capable of executing guided research tasks, we would like to explore your interest in joining us on our extraordinary journey.  degree in technical fields of study such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Security ??or equivalent applied experience.  Prospective team members for this job posting must have skills in:.  Demonstrated skills in user-space or kernel-space development C, C++, Python software development.  Desired Skills:.  Developing cyber capabilities requires a broad spectrum of experience.  While we do not anticipate that everyone will have skill and expertise in all related technical areas, we do desire that team mates have some experience in one or more of the areas listed below.  If you do not have experience in these areas, you will be assessed for your ability to develop these skills:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges
 Expert knowledge of safety systems and reporting tools.  2+ years experience with Regulatory Information Management systems.  Knowledge of agile/Scrum methodology with Scrum Master/Product Owner Certification preferred.  Knowledge of current global drug safety regulations
 Our staff is diverse in experience and perspective, but at our core, we share a lot of the same traits.  Experience with Salesforce or other client relationship management system a plus.  Ability to organize multiple and varied assignments.  Excellent attention to detail, quality and value.  Excellent communication, analytical, writing and presentation skills.  Strong relationship building and management skills with external and internal stakeholders.  Excellent attention to detail, quality and value.  Strong project management skills, with demonstrated ability to work under pressure and manage various priorities and deadlines.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment and to organize multiple and varied projects simultaneously.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent professional work or military experience required.  Minimum of two to four years of professional experience required.  Experience working in the federal environment or consulting preferred.  Familiarity with program evaluation preferred.  We actively recruit for diversity in our workplace, believing that a range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences contributes to our mission of revitalizing government
 This position offers a unique opportunity to combine skills in mathematics, machine learning, and scientific computing.  in pure or applied mathematics, or in a related field with commensurate experience.  Two or more years of professional experience in mathematics, programming, machine learning, or data science.  Proficiency in Linux, Bash, and standard Unix command-line tools.  Substantial programming experience in Julia, Rust, Haskell, Common Lisp or Scheme, C++, Python, or other similar languages.  Excellent skills in technical writing, communication, and teamwork.  Experience with Julia, Flux.  Experience in one or more of the following areas: topological data analysis, probabilistic programming and Bayesian machine learning, metric learning, or content-based image retrieval.  Experience applying machine learning to imagery, spectral data, 3D point clouds, and multi-model input.  Knowledge of remote sensing and GIS analysis and data such as multispectral and hyperspectral data, spectral analysis, lidar, and geographic metadata.  Experience with tools such as QGIS, GDAL, and PostGIS
 Bachelor's in a STEM field with significant computation experience.  Experience with building end-to-end modular Python architecture.  Experience with AWS software tools, machine learning, and architecting AWS workflows.  Experience working in Linux, artificial intelligence, and cloud computing.  Experience with programming, including Python and databases.  Excellent oral and written communication skills needed.  Proven ability to work in a team of staff with a wide range of expertise is necessary.  Masters or higher degree in a STEM field.  Experience with C and C++.  Experience with earthquake data processing software.  Experience with GPUs, particularly with CUDA.  Experience with IP networking.  Experience with SQL and noSQL databases.  Experience with Jupyter-hub and its deployment
Genomic Testing Cooperative offers a unique experience in cancer diagnostics providing significant opportunity for career development and growth using advanced technology and artificial intelligence. Clinical Lab Associate/ Histotechnician Qualification Requirements: 夷?Bachelor's degree in Biology or relevant field夷?A minimum of 2 years experience in a similar role夷?Good communication skills and attention to detail Preferred .  Experience: 夷?Histotechnician.  Knowledgeable of CLIA regulations regarding proficiency testing, quality assurance and quality control夷?.  Experience: histotechnician: 1 year (Preferred)clinical lab: 2 years 
 We're currently searching for an experienced program manager to join our ranks and continue our tradition of success.  The ideal candidate will have a sharp business mind and a proven ability to strategize and implement high-level program initiatives.  Skills and Qualifications.  Bachelor's degree in business administration or related field.  Proven proposal writing experience.  Experience in creating frameworks for industrialization in project execution and operations
 Bachelors Degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc. ) or equivalent experience1+ years of industry experience.  Expertise in one or more functional programming languages (Python, R, etc.  Knowledge of SparkML.  Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib.  Knowledge of SQL.  Familiarity with using data visualization tools.  Experience giving data presentations.  Ability to travel to client locations to deliver professional services when needed.  If you have experience with AI, including building ML or DL models, wed like to have you join our team.  Masters Degree or Ph. )3+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science and analysis Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models.  Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations Consulting experience and track record of helping customers with their AI needs.  Experience programming in Python and/or R Good skills with imperative programming languages such as Java or C/C++.  Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, EC2, Data Pipeline, & EMR.  Experience handling terabyte size datasets Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns.  Knowledge and experience of writing and tuning SQL Combination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers organization Past and current experience writing and speaking about complex technical concepts to broad audiences in a simplified format Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.  Strong written and verbal communication skills
Apply statistical and computational methodologies to provide actionable insights and identify opportunities that optimize quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs.  Experience.  2+ years related work experience or equivalent combination of transferable experience and education.  Experience Details: Data Scientist or similar role.  Bachelors degree or additional related equivalent work experience Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.  Requires experience with statistical packages ??1-2 years of SAS (R is acceptable), SAS EG, and SAS EM.  Also requires experience in SQL.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Ability to partner with senior team members to assess customer needs and define business questions.  Ability to communicate results and insights, both verbally and written (including visual graphics), in a clear and concise manner to a non-technical audience.  Must have applied experience with advanced statistics e.  Must have applied experience in Machine Learning.  Must have experience in visual analytics.  Must have strong teamwork and collaborative skills.  Proven ability to meet and exceed deadlines.  Strong decision making ability.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Masters degree Applied Mathematics, Computer science (e.  Experience in Big Data - e.  Experience with other tools ?諛?  Other programming experience - Java, Perl, Python, UNIX/Linux scripting.  Healthcare, medical, or pharmaceutical work experience.  Experience with analysis around quality, consumer experience, and healthcare costs
 Experience.  Graduate degree preferred, particularly MBA, MPA, MPP, or masters in urban planning.  Experience in management consulting, venture capital, tech, applied research, urban planning, or workforce or economic development (internships acceptable for recent graduates).  Experience researching and analyzing innovation ecosystems and emerging tech fields.  Experience designing and managing complex projects involving cross-sector stakeholders.  Desired Skills and Abilities:.  Ability to look at challenges strategically and formulate creative solutions.  Proven team player with an ability to work cross-functionally.  Ability to balance having fun while getting top results at work.  Other Skills and Requirements:.  Proficient in MS Office Suite.  Must be able to frequently travel to sites independently across Tulsa.  Must be able to lift up to 25 pounds
 Experience in procurement contracting activities.  Experience.  Strong organization skills.  Experience with information systems.  Evidence of developing innovative commercial solutions using a wide range of value levers.  Strong interpersonal and influencing skills - important to build relationships, trust and to become respected by the business teams.  Strong oral and written communication and presentation skills.  Strong problem solving skills.  Strong implementation skills.  Makes good and timely decisions that move the organization forward, based upon a mixture of facts, analysis, experience and judgement.  Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time and close advanced projects on time with minimal supervision.  Must be a good team player - willing and able to assist peers in Global Procurement and able to work in multi-functional, cross-regional teams.  Legal experience
 We are searching for an experienced Associate Full Stack Developer.  Associate degree in graphic design, visual communications or user experience/user interface design from a regionally accredited institution and a minimum of three (3) years of experience with C++, C#, or JAVA and one or more of the following: Spring Framework, PostgreSQL, Docker, Apache Tomcat, SQL, Cloud based Server solutions (Azure, AWS, etc.  DevOps or deployment experience.  Experience with Python, Nodejs and ExpressJS, Javascript frameworks such as React, Vue, or Angular, and usage of RESTful web APIs and services, preferred.  An additional two (2) years of directly related experience may be substituted for the education requirement.  Experience:.  A bachelors degree in web design or development or user experience/user interface design from a regionally accredited institution.  AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure Certifications a plus.  Experience working with Swift, React Native, Flutter, and the Android SDK, ARKit and ARCore, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence Development, Ruby on Rails or PHP, Unity or Unreal Engines, SAP Concur Travel Expense system, ASP VBscript, and Office 365 Enterprise Applications a plus.  Experience working in Higher Education preferred.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:.  Knowledge of modern front- and back-end solutions for web-based projects, including, but not limited to, ES6, ES7, HTML5, CSS3, NodeJS, ReactJS, and server-side languages.  Knowledge of software and web app development and deployment in a team setting.  Knowledge of and ability to implement SAML for cross-domain single sign-on authentication.  Strong analytical skills.  Ability to communicate with faculty, staff, and students.  Ability to provide advanced technical support.  Ability to collaborate with others who may be located adjacently or remotely.  Ability to review and understand code and procedures.  Ability to recognize the value of new technologies and how they can benefit the college.  Ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to stay current in software solution implementation and in industry best practices.  Ability to work in a team environment
 Masters degree in computer science, mathematics, or a related discipline.  Experience in some of the following areas: machine learning, reinforcement learning, bioinformatics, biostatistics, graph theory, image processing, scientific computing, big data analytics.  Strong software engineering skills; Python and C/C++ preferred.  Familiarity with state-of-the-art deep learning frameworks is a plus.  ??Previous research experience is a big plus
 Strong candidates will exercise good judgment in a variety of situations and possess strong attention to detail, excellent written and verbal communication, consistent follow-through, and outstanding time-management skills. This position represents a fantastic opportunity to gain great work experience and join a growing tech company in New England. Key Responsibilities: Assist with the manual geolocation process and identification of attributes through high resolution imagery for residential and/or commercial properties Verify, enhance and develop geolocation accuracy utilizing a variety of sources Identify, derive and annotate key physical attributes from images Ensure quality control of processed images and locations Requirements: Background and experience in data science, mathematics, GIS, computer science, computer programming, statistics, or meteorology preferred, but all backgrounds are welcomed to apply.  Knowledge of structural and physical characteristics of roofs and/or paving/tarmac is preferred but not necessary.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suites Complete discretion and understanding of requirements to maintain a high degree of confidentiality and protect sensitive information.  Must have access to computer with a reliable internet connection What we look for: Outstanding listening, analytical, organizational and time management skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills.  Strong work ethic, hands-on, detail oriented with a customer service mentality Team player, self-driven, motivated and able to work under pressure Work Location: This position may be based out of our physical office location in Dover, NH or may be performed remotely from your residence
 We are looking for a Database Development Lead with a wide range of knowledge and experience of producing software solutions within a dynamic environment across the development lifecycle.  The candidate should have experience of working within an agile development environment and be comfortable with working to deadlines and budget constraints.  Have exceptional analytical skills, able to apply knowledge and experience in decision-making to arrive at creative and commercial solutions.  Required Skills:.  10 years of professional experience, with overall at least 5 years of experience in database modeling, stored procedures, and SQL.  Must have experience with cloud-based RDBMS platforms (AWS RDS, Snowflake, Azure SQL, etc. ) Ideally will have experience with multiple RDBMS products.  Experience with both normalized transactional models and dimensional models for analytics and reporting.  Experience with query performance optimization and working with bulk load operations for large data sets.  Experience with AWS.  Experience with multiple RDBMS platforms including Cloud-hosted solutions.  Experience managing teams consisting of both onshore and offshore resources.  Ideally, experience with a commercial SaaS software development and modern DevOps CI/CD techniques
 1+ years experience in a technical support role at a technology company.  Strong interest in technology with excellent problem-solving skills, with an initiative to research and craft creative technical solutions.  Strong communication skills (written and verbal) in order to interact effectively with coworkers and clients.  Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical users.  Passionate about providing a great customer experience and helping users.  Strong attention to detail and organization skills.  Ability to empathize with and advocate for our customers.  Ability to quickly learn new concepts and teach others.  Experience with any of the following; Salesforce, Jira, Asana, Talk Desk.  BS in Technology or Business fields; or significant eDiscovery data processing experience in lieu of degree.  Experience creating technical documentation.  Prior litigation support or consulting experience
 The Duke AI Health Data Science Fellowsh ip program is a 2-year training program for individuals with a strong quantitative background seeking experience in data science with healthcare applications.  Fellows will gain hands-on experience with cutting edge data science methods and healthcare data, while working on interdisciplinary teams to tackle projects that improve the lives of patients. , cardiology, pediatrics, or psychiatry) allowing the team members to develop a broad understanding and familiarity with the clinical domain.  The Data Science Fellow will ensure the integrity of their results through good documentation and code provenance, carefully managing their code and developing accurate descriptions of what they are doing, and why, in a way that others can understand.  Position requires a masters degree in any quantitative discipline.  Skills/.  Experience.  Demonstrated proficiency in prog ramming, especially Python and R.  Experience in statistic al modeling is preferable but not required.  Experience with version control, databases, distributed computing, or cloud computing is preferable but not required.  Experience.  Our collective success depends on the robust exchange of ideas?遊엖 exchange that is best when the rich diversity of our perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences flourishes
Education: BS in biological sciences and 3+ years laboratory experience or MS and 1+ years laboratory experience.  Experience:.  Experience with in vitro assay development is required.  Proficiency in basic laboratory techniques is required.  Familiarity with immune cells is a plus.  Experience in molecular biology is a plus. Programming experience (Python, Java, R) is a plus.  Experience: Laboratory: 3 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's 
Juris Doctor (JD) and admitted to at least one state bar (or equivalent)2+ years of legal experience.  In-house experience at a technology company.  Experience with cloud computing compliance and regulatory regimes
 ALQIMI is considering candidates of various experience levels including Associate (4-8 years of experience) and Director (8+ years of experience).  The candidate must have a minimum of four years of experience and ALQIMI will consider candidates with more experience.  Must Have Qualifications/Requirements.  Minimum of four years experience in a prospect or customer facing role.  [1]The title the candidate will be designated with will be determined by the candidate's experience level
 ALQIMI is considering candidates of various experience levels including Associate (4-8 years of experience) and Director (8+ years of experience).  The candidate must have a minimum of four years of experience and ALQIMI will consider candidates with more experience.  Must Have Qualifications/Requirements.  Minimum of four years experience in a prospect or customer facing role.  [1]The title the candidate will be designated with will be determined by the candidate's experience level
 It is a learning-oriented organization with a strong commitment to the idea that every individual?遊켩gardless of experience level?遊쫆s something to teach and something to learn.  Strong peer and management support for those who want to learn.  BA/BS.  8+ years of regulatory writing experience with nonclinical, clinical, CMC, or drug safety related documentation.  Ability to synthesize data and present it in a written format.  Collective experience writing a range of study-level documents in their entirety and able to lead/own a study level document.  Strong understanding of the document creation process and of clinical development and study level clinical operations from conceptual study design to final CSR/CTR.  Ability to conduct/lead a CRM and successfully lead a project team to consensus.  Ability to provide high-quality customer service and follow-through on all assignments.  The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and achievement
 Experience, and Specific Job Related Skills.  BS/BA in technical (e. , Marketing/MIS) field or equivalent work experience required.  Experience Requirement:.  1+ years of professional experience beyond education requirements above.  Type of experience varies depending on Consultants specialization:.  Implementation & Solutions: broad skills in both technology & analysis.  Expert Services: deep skills in specialized technical & functional areas.  Experience:.  Prior consulting experience.  Familiarity with project life cycles.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 This role will be best for exceptional candidates with 0-2 years of work experience who are interested in getting a front row seat to the intersection of tech and government, are extremely detail-oriented, have demonstrated success in past jobs or internships, and are excited to support operations and logistics in a fast-paced startup environment.  Key Skills.  Enough hustle and grind to own an entire program from soup to nuts ??project/program management, client-facing experience, and event planning experience are all helpful.  Ability to speak confidently in settings ranging from large group events to meetings with senior government, industry, and startup leaders.  Strong organization, self-management, and people skills.  Excellent team communication skills.  Proven problem-solving abilities.  Prior experience and/or strong interest in technology, startups, or government.  Ability to consistently produce exceptional results with limited resources
 Evidence (CORE) is looking for an Associate Director of Data Sciences & Strategic Partnerships with expertise in data sciences and informatics to contribute to the development, exchange, and communication of evidence that demonstrates the value of our Company's pharmaceuticals and vaccines and provides our customers (payers, providers, patients, policy makers) with transformative insights.  Leading value analytic and informatics initiatives in the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI), Healthcare Information Management Systems Society (HIMSS), and/or American Medical Informatics Association (AMIA) communities.  Evidence Sub-team) and the product development lifecycle, bring a flexible mindset with the ability to identify, generate, and evaluate alternatives best suited to business needs, and have entrepreneurial and intellectual curiosity applied to understanding and utilization of human health data.  Masters Degree or Doctoral Degree in business, economics, epidemiology, genetics, health services research, informatics, biostatistics, computer science, engineering, public health, policy, medicine, or a related discipline.  Experience and Skills:.  3+ years hands on experience in the design and implementation of quantitative science methods in the healthcare industry.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience applying artificial intelligence, predictive analytics, and emerging technologies.  Leadership experience in the OHDSI, HIMSS, and/or AMIA communities.  Experience developing health and medical informatics.  Experience in business development.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline plus 3 to 4 years of directly related experience is required; 4-5 years game development experience highly preferred.  In some cases, educational requirements may be adjusted or waived for applicable work experience.  Work experience may be adjusted for highly specialized knowledge or uniquely applicable experience.  Must have (or be able to obtain) Security+ and Linux+ certifications.  Knowledge of networks and networking concepts; ability to utilize network and distributed modeling & simulation tools such as Wireshark.  Ability to analyze and troubleshoot distributed simulation problems and provide acceptable solutions or corrections.  Ability to provide technical project leadership, establish milestones, estimate resources, and other project management skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Must be a US Citizen able to obtain a Secret security clearance
 Apply expert software engineering skills to build Natural Language products to improve automation and improve user experiences leveraging unstructured data storage, Entity Recognition, POS Tagging, ontologies, taxonomies, data mining, information retrieval techniques, machine learning approach, distributed and cloud computing platforms.  Experience Youll Need (Required):.  MS degree or above in Computer Science, Computational linguistics, Mathematics, Physics or related STEM fields.  5+ years of Industry experience related to Unstructured Text Data and NLP (PhD work and internships will be considered if they are related to unstructured text in lieu of industry experience).  Strong understanding of mathematical concepts including but not limited to linear algebra, Advanced calculus, partial differential equations and statistics including Bayesian approaches.  Strong programming experience including understanding of concepts in data structures, algorithms, compression techniques, high performance computing, distributed computing, and various computer architecture.  Good understanding and experience with traditional data science approaches like sampling techniques, feature engineering, classification and regressions, SVM, trees, model evaluations.  Experience with developing and deploying products in production with experience in two or more of the following languages (Python, C++, Java, Scala).  Strong Unix/Linux background and experience with at least one of the following cloud vendors like AWS, Azure, and Google.  Hands on experience with one or more of high-performance computing and distributed computing like Spark, Dask, Hadoop, CUDA distributed GPU.  Thorough understanding of deep learning architectures and hands on experience with one or more frameworks like tensorflow, pytorch, keras.  Hands on experience with libraries and tools like Spacy, NLTK, Stanford core NLP Genism, johnsnowlabs.  A PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Computational Linguistics, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Exposure to linguistic background especially language models.  Lucene, Solr, Elastic Search experience.  Experience with Kubernetes and dockers.  Experience building REST APIs for AI work and knowledge of microservices architecture.  Experience managing a team of offshore developers
 Candidates with prior experience in OSINT Research and/or Financial Fraud Investigations will be given priority consideration.  Experience goals.  Experience using data and trend analysis, graph analysis, and OSINT research tools.  Knowledge of major social networks (knowledge of emerging networks a big plus), and desire to learn about Deep & Dark Web tactics, Phishing analysis, and malware analysis.  Ability to talk to different levels of customer from analyst to C-Level.  Ability to speak to technical experts as well as the layman about technical and analytic subject matter.  Ability to think critically about subjects and a comfort with analysis without full information.  Experience with SaaS-based platform configuration and maintenance for enterprise organizations.  Direct customer advocacy and engagement experience in post-sales or professional services functions in Fortune 1000, mid-tier, and/or start-up companies.  Excellent analytical skills & problem-solving skills, combined with the ability to provide quick resolution to problems.  Knowledge of cyber threats facing large enterprises and other organizations.  Previous experience extrapolating trends from mass amounts of disparate data.  Previous experience working in an analyst role, particularly working with data analytics, dashboards, and reporting.  Experience with other SaaS, cyber security, intelligence, consulting, or social media products or services.  Bachelors or Graduate degree in Cybersecurity, humanities, or other similar background.  Past experience working in customer success, technical support, configuration and / or training capacity
 3-5 years of experience in strategy, consulting, or product development role.  Ability to work in fast-paced environment while managing multiple projects with fixed deadlines.  Ability to function effectively in cross-functional role, as well as present findings to key decision makers and management
