12+ years of business and technology experience.   5+ years of experience working closely with external technology vendors in the data, analytics and machine learning domains, managing complex vendor relationships to optimize business outcomes.  Strong relationship and interpersonal skills and the ability to interact with senior business and IT executives, as well as external executives.  Strong passion for technology and staying abreast of industry trends.  Strong facilitation, process and influencing skills.  Proven entrepreneurial style.  Experience developing technology strategy, business cases and execution plans to achieve business goals.  Experience and passion for learning (technical and soft skills); implementing practices from others; trying, failing and learning from that; sharing practices and knowledge for others benefit.  Ability to solve complex challenges for customers and have a high ability to solve internal and external barriers understanding internal and external organizational structures, dynamics and tradeoffs.  Experience in influencing Senior Leadership teams to drive strategy and investments.  Strong relationship-building and negotiation skills.  Excellent Communicator: Able to distill widely variant feedback into root cause issues and provide actionable feedback to other stakeholders.  Excellent technical and business presentation, writing, and verbal communication skills.  AI Solutions: High-level expertise in cloud solutions that include Data Management, Machine Learning, Cognitive services and understanding of identity, authentication, security, privacy, and compliance requirements, and experience integrating them into cloud and hybrid solutions.  Technical breadth: Enterprise customer level experience with Cloud technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Data Landscape, Architecture Designs, Open Source Technologies, Industry Standards and demonstrated ability to integrate new technologies on premise as well as on the cloud
Volt Athletics is looking for an experienced Ruby on Rails software developer to join our product development team.  Must be passionate about building exceptional products, enjoy learning and have excellent problem solving skills.  5+ years experience writing and maintaining production server-side software for multi-tier web applications.  3+ years work experience on production Rails applications.  Familiarity with SOA, as well as building and maintaining APIs.  Academic or applied experience in Machine Learning and other areas of Artificial Intelligence is helpful
 Chase is on a mission to deliver a customer-obsessed experience by improving clock speed and providing first class customer interactions.  In order to achieve this mission it aims to be an AI fueled organization focused on improving and simplifying the experience of our customers and employees.  The role is a unique opportunity for an experienced, well rounded and versatile practitioner in analytics.  Qualifications and Required Skills:.  4+ years of industry hands on experience in leveraging analytics and data science (including ML) to solve business problems.  Bachelors degree in quantitative field required, advanced degree preferred in analytical field (e.  Strong, problem solver who can help the team define articulate the business problem and its impact, create pragmatic solutions to address it, plan and execute the implementation.  Expert knowledge in quantitative methods for business, general data science and ML.  Experience in practical data processing working with Large scale datasets and Big Data environment, data mining, text mining and information retrieval.  Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (e.  Proficiency in SQL and Python required.  Ability to work in large and medium sized project teams, as self-directed contributor with a proven track record of being detail orientated, innovative, creative, and strategic.  Excellent communicator able to convey complex information in an understandable, compelling, and persuasive manner at all levels.  Familiarity with Agile, experience with Agile is a plus
7+ years design/ implementation/ consulting experience of distributed applications5+ years management of technical, customer facing architects5+ years experience in infrastructure architecture, database architecture and networking Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background highly desired.  Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for experienced and collaborative pre-sales managers to coach, grow, and partner with technically skilled, customer-facing Solutions Architects.  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a Solutions Architect, technical pre-sales, or a similar role and experience managing a team of a Solution Architects.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen your skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.  Strong written communication skills High level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations.  Experience working within software development or Internet-related industries History of successful technical consulting and/ or architecture engagements with large-scale customers or enterprises.  Familiarity with common enterprise services (Directory Services, Information Assurance, Virtual Desktop, etc.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud. Professional experience architecting/ operating solutions built on AWS
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems4+ years of professional software development experience Bachelorâ€™s degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or related technical field3+ year experience with programming languages such as C/ C++, Java, Perl or Python and open-source technologies (Apache, Hadoop)3+ year experience with OO design and common design pattern3+ year experience with data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.  Our mission is to push the envelope in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), and Machine Learning (ML), in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers.  Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, Mathematics, or related technical field.  Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability.  Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility trade-offs.  Experience optimizing for short term execution while planning for long term technical capabilities.  Ability to prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies.  Ability to produce code that is fault-tolerant, efficient, and maintainable Academic and/ or industry experience with standard AI and ML techniques, NLU and scientific thinking.  Experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams.  Ability and willingness to multi-task and learn new technologies quickly Written and verbal technical communication skills with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences
 TheSystems Design & Architecture team is seeking engineering professionals for full time Systems Engineering positions in the Maritime Systems (MS) department.  Required Skills:.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or Physics with minimum of 4(+) years of experience.  Experience in requirements development, algorithm development, or modeling and simulation.  Ability to produce and present technical documentation including customer briefings and specifications.  Desired Skills:.  Masters Degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics, Physics, or Computer Science.  Experience supporting US Navy and/ or DoD customers.  Experience working on larger DoD software development and maintenance programs.  Experience integrating combat systems and/ or radar systems.  Experience with MATLAB and/ or Simulink programming languages for performance predictions and data analysis.  Experience with Radar Tracking/ Sensor Fusion and/ or Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with C/ C++ programming languages.  Experience with DOORS tool.  Experience with Model Based Systems Engineering: SysML, Rhapsody and/ or MagicDraw.  Technical leadership experience.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or Physics or related discipline.  What We Offer: Whether youre just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/ life benefits; career development and recognition programs
 We are looking for a Senior development engineer with the strong knowledge and experience in building analytics application.  Candidate should have the following skills and experience: 10+ years of experience in building various applications using Java in a Micro-service architecture .  Experience in building scalable stream processing applications using Kafka, Flink, Cassandra, Kubernetes, and Elasticsearch.  Experience with cloud computing services like AWS, Azure, etc.  Experience with log management tools such as Kibana, Grafana .  Strong understanding of operating systems, file systems .  Experience working with wired and wireless network technologies is an added advantage.  Excellent written and oral communication skills and ability to work with large, geographically and culturally diverse teams
 We are looking for an experienced software engineer who wants to bring their passion for building incredible products to deliver the next generation of voice assistant technology to hundreds of millions of customers worldwide.  An ideal candidate will have a proven track record of delivering high quality products and will be a perfect fit in our team.  Minimum 5 years of industry experience in software development.  Minimum 3 years of experience as a technical lead/ architect including technical leadership and mentorship experience.  Strong Computer Science fundamentals, object-oriented programming and design skills.  Experience working with Machine Learning based applications - building models from scratch, shipping and deploying models to production, debugging ML-based systems in production.  Passionate about working with large data sets and experience wrangling large data sets.  Ability to deal with ambiguity.  Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication skills.  Join Apple's Siri team as a ML Engineer to deliver the best Siri experience around the world.  An ideal candidate will have a strong foundation in software engineering and a proven-record of delivering high-quality features into production.  Experience
 Our ideal candidate has a technical degree and have 5-7 years of Solution Engineering (aka Systems or Sales Engineering) experience, preferably with Hyperscalers, and background in:.  Must have strong sense of achievement and customer focused attitude.  Deep networking experience, including solid knowledge of L2/ L3 Ethernet or other networking protocols.  Experience with leading and managing technical teams is a plus.  Ability to travel up to 20%
 Collaborating with product managers and user experience designers to deliver delightful experiences.  Building rich, modern web and mobile web experiences that are accessible, progressive and responsive.  Over 5 years of experience designing and building scalable reusable products/ components.  Strong knowledge of Java, REST, HTML and JavaScript.  Strong problem-solving, debugging skills and an aptitude for learning new technologies.  Strong written and verbal communication.  Must be comfortable with juggling multiple priorities with the ability to manage time effectively.  The ability to lead and mentor developers with less experience.  Bachelors/ masters degree in Computer Science or related discipline.  Experience with creating enterprise software in the one of the application domains in which ServiceNow competes.  Experience developing on the ServiceNow platform and APIs.  Ability to create high performance, scalable systems.  Experience in machine learning or applied artificial intelligence techniques
 Ayata is looking for experienced Sr.  This candidate will bring considerable natural language processing knowledge and experience to the team.  Must have at least 1+ year NLP experience in a professional or research capacity.  Must have NLP .  Expertise and practical knowledge with preprocessing (Spacy or NLTK), Topic modeling (Gensim), POS-tagging, word embedding.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms/ models, including time series forecasting, machine learning and deep learning, image processing, natural language processing, and speech recognition.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing.  PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related disciplines.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) is a strong plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
 Experience with API Development is required.  Experience with node.  Ability to communicate well with others and take on customer requirements a must. 
, specifications) related to cryptocurrency blockchain analysis; evaluating R&D prototypes, technical documents, and designs; and providing expert knowledge and experience in financial Anti Money Laundering (AML) controls and technologies.  Education Required: Bachelor of Science Degree in one or more of the following:.  Experience Required: A minimum of eight (8) years in software development are highly desired.  Desired or In lieu of: Master's Degree or PhD in degree field with a minimum of six (6) or four (4) years in software development respectively preferred.  Ability to acquire a minimum of a SECRET clearance is required.  Certifications Desired:.  Oracle Java, MS Azure, AWS, Cloudera, Red Hat and/ or Certified Programmer Associate for C, C++, PHP, Python, etc.  Ability To:.  Experience In:
 Ayata is looking for experienced Senior Machine Learning Research Scientist who will develop machine learning models for business applications and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms/ models, including time series forecasting, machine learning and deep learning, image processing, natural language processing, and speech recognition.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing.  PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related disciplines.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) is a strong plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
 Expert (SME) advisor for next-generation technology to mitigate financial crime risk and vulnerability to regulatory scrutiny.  Education: Bachelor of Science degree in one or more of the following:.  Experience: A minimum of eight (8) years application development involving manufacturing, financial, engineering, and marketing applications is desired.  Ability to acquire a minimum of a SECRET clearance is required.  Skills:.  Skills and knowledge in crypto exchange, chainalysis and open source data.  Familiarity with IBM i2 Analyst Notebook (ANB), i2 connect Db and other systems like Palantir, Semantica, etc.  Strong written and verbal communication skills are essential.  Familiarity with general software development and maintenance (e.  Ability to:.  Expert, for next-generation technology to mitigate financial crime risk and vulnerability to regulatory scrutiny.  Experience In:
 Education: BS in Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Computer Science, Information or Management Statistics.  Experience: 2 to 3 years experience managing, manipulating transforming large disparate datasets for visualization, and prediction.  Experience creating and using advanced machine-learning algorithms is a plus and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks.  Proven working experience using data visualization tools such as PowerBI or Tableau to translate complex data for meaningful insights
EBSCO Information Services (EIS) provides a complete and optimized research solution comprised of e-journals, e-books, and research databases ??all combined with the most powerful discovery service to support the information needs and maximize the research experience of our end-users.  EIS, a division of EBSCO Industries Inc.  EBSCO is a company that will motivate you, inspire you, and allow you to grow.  As an Agile Product Owner (APO), you will work with an Agile development team of Data Scientists and Machine Learning Scientist/ Engineers to design and implement Machine Learning and Artificial intelligence (MLAI) solutions and applications to solve data-driven business problems focusing specifically on content integration pipelines that support EBSCOs research database products and services.  As a member of the Platform Product Management team, you will take an active role in amplifying the voice of EBSCOs end-users and the product line strategy to your Agile development team.  You will participate in user acceptance testing, data-driven product quality analysis, actively participate in communities of practice, and help monitor key technology trends to ensure positive outcomes for the evolution of the EBSCO Research Database and EBSCO Discovery Service experience.  Skills or experience you need.  BS in a technology field.  Two or more years of experience working within a Lean-agile software product development method, such as Scrum, Kanban, or SAFe.  2+ Years of proven excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Skills or experience that sets you apart.  Some basic AWS experience/ training and APIs.  A proven track record of developing and managing world-class consumer-facing software.  EBSCO Industries, Inc.  EBSCO strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.  EBSCO complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), as amended by the ADA Amendments Act, and all applicable state or local law
 We care deeply about creating something that feels right in every detail, and were looking for engineers with either a proven design aesthetic or a passion for front-end components to help us go faster. Responsibilities Design and create scalable, accessible, and compatible experiences for Viomes web and mobile app leveraging React and React Native Work cross-functionally with product and design teams to understand end-user requirements, formulate use cases, and translate into pragmatic and effective technical solutions Test code to identify functional and performance issues Build reusable code and libraries for future use Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/ UX designs Provide leadership with technical solutions, feedback, and product recommendations Work collaboratively to generate product improvements through design review, code review, and discussion Qualifications 3+ years of full-cycle React experience from deployment to production and utilization by a large audience 5+ years of JavaScript experience, including concepts like asynchronous programming, closures, types, and ES6 5+ years of HTML/ CSS experience, including concepts like layout, specificity, cross-browser compatibility, and accessibility Sharp aesthetic instinct in both visual and interaction design Affinity for an engineering culture that emphasizes Agile, DevOps, and continuous delivery Nice to have but not required BS/ MS in Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience with React Native.  Experience with deploying mobile apps on Expo or AppCenter.  Experience building native apps for iOS (Objective C, Swift) or Android (Java, Kotlin).  Experience with Redux.  Ability to develop Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) Viome is a 140+ person start-up offering a successful commercial product that has generated high demand.  Experience: React Native: 1 year (Preferred)React: 3 years (Required)UI Design: 1 year (Preferred)JavaScript: 5 years (Required)front end development: 5 years 
Required Skills/ .  Experience .  Bachelors degree in engineering or any of the quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics or Econometrics with 4+ years of relevant experience, or a .  Masters degree or MBA with 2+ years of relevant experience.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings.  Familiarity with the application of analytics to sales, marketing or managed markets problems in the pharmaceutical industry Drive and desire to work in a growing entrepreneurial fast paced organization with a global delivery model Job Type: Full-time
 Experience: Minimum of 7 years in marketing or blended marketing roles.  Experience creatively developing a brand to match an organization's vision/ mission/ strengths with its key audiences in mind.  Experience promoting brand identity and developing branding policies.  Proven planning skills to develop and implement comprehensive, proactive marketing strategies that support institutional goals.  Proven ability to write, develop, and manage promotional materials and activities (print, online/ web, multimedia, social networking).  Experience devising marketing & sales strategies based on market findings/ analysis, using multiple channels/ strategies for reaching a target audience and meeting goals.  Experience analyzing the operational and budget efficiency of various marketing strategies, mechanisms, alternatives.  Supervisory experience: hiring, training, evaluating and mentoring staff.  Experience promoting a positive work environment.  Strong interpersonal communication and demonstrated ability to establish and sustain credibility with all colleagues, leadership, and consultants
 We look favorably upon extensive work experience and publishing peer reviewed work at top scientific venues in our field including CVPR, ECCV, ICCV, NeurIPS, etc.  We value diversity -We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age.  We value inclusion -We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered
 Semantic Scholar uses artificial intelligence to extract the semantics, or meaning, of scientific literature and surface it to our users through a discovery experience that helps them understand science more effectively than any other tool.  Four or more years of experience post-PhD.  Experience mentoring early-career researchers.  We value diversity - We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age.  We value inclusion - We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered
 We're looking for a Senior Product Manager who's experienced in managing end to end product processes, from ideation, market research and down to successful implementation.  Prioritize tasks as needed, and come up with creative new ideas to expand our product and improve our customer experience.  Experience.  At least 3 years experience working in product management.  Experience from regulated environment.  Excellent leadership and personal skills.  Strong understanding of health care systems- advantage
 Experience that's great to have.  Experience shipping: whether that's a game title, web app, or open source software package.  Bachelors degree in an engineering or scientific field preferred, but optional
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related technical discipline or equivalent industry experience5+ years of professional software development experience3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design and contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Youll have a sound understanding of computer science fundamentals and practical industry experience, working across the stack with technology involving modern web, SOA, NoSQL databases, AI, ML, Big Data, and more.  Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills and a track record of delivery. Prior experience in supply chain technology Academic and/ or industry experience with one of more of the following domains: machine learning, large-scale distributed systems and linear optimization techniques.  Experience with designing and building large-scale systems in a multi-tiered, distributed environment using micro services architecture.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations
 Experience: 6 (7-12 preferred).  Minimum Education: College degree in a scientific, technical, or quantitative field.  Experience in areas related to process automation:.  Business skills and experience in IT, accounting, finance or operations;.  Strong written and verbal communication.  Skills Required:.  Demonstrates thorough skills and/ or proven success in a role participating in projects including the following:.  Strong organization and self-management skills, willing to take initiative and follow through;.  Ability to handle multiple tasks and responsibilities;.  Ability to work effectively with a variety of skill sets to tackle complex challenges;.  Experience with UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere or other commercial automation tool;.  Experience with Agile project delivery methods, tools and concepts;.  Experience Preferred:.  Skills Development & Certifications
 The position will be networked across RIS factories, which includes locations in McKinney (TX), Forest (MS), Santa Barbara County (CA), and Largo (FL), in addition to operations and automation engineers from other Raytheon Technologies business units.  The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of automation deployment and/ or sustainment in a factory setting, including high mix, low volume production.  Required Skills:.  Experience in automation design, development, deployment, validation and/ or sustainment in a factory setting.  6+ years professional engineering experience in a manufacturing environment, with at least 2 years being directly related to automation and/ or controls.  Experience with automation systems (robots, vision systems, PLCs, etc.  Experience with process integration and electromechanical /  mechatronic systems.  Experience in mechanical and/ or electrical design, computer vision, artificial intelligence, or other related field.  Experience with CAD (Solidworks, Pro E, AutoCAD electrical, etc.  Ability to prioritize during haze of confusion and/ or conflicting goals.  Ability to lead/ manage engineers and technical trades on project teams.  Ability to demonstrate strong critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Ability to obtain a DoD Secret clearance.  Desired Skills:.  Exposure to a wide variety of production machinery, industrial sensors, and equipment (LVDT and pressure transducers, dispense systems, temperature controllers, DC torque controllers, current and power meters, etc.  Knowledge of Electrical Standards (NFPA79, National Electric code, UL508A).  Knowledge of Safety standards (ANSI/ RIA15.  Experience programming Cartesian, SCARA and Articulated robots is highly desired (Fanuc, UR or others).  Experience with Vision systems (Cognex, Keyence, Fanuc).  Experience creating technical specifications for automated manufacturing equipment is highly desired.  Experience transitioning products and processes from prototype to production desired.  Familiarity with Industry 4.  Experience with cyber and/ or cyber-physical systems security protocols.  Experience with PLCs, MTConnect, and/ or Transactional Automation (use of API, XML).  Strong project management and project planning experience/ knowledge with demonstrated ability to drive projects to successful completion.  Strong interpersonal communication (verbal, written and presentation) skills with the ability to interact positively and collaboratively with others at all levels of the organization.  Experience in project management, preferably, as it relates to automation development and deployment, including MS Project schedule development, and financial measures/ metrics.  Ability to obtain an SSBI clearance, or candidate holds active SSBI.  Experience or education in systems engineering and application to automation systems.  BS in an engineering field or the sciences.  MS in engineering or business related field (for example, systems engineering, manufacturing engineering, industrial engineering, MBA, business management, program management, etc
 We are looking for an experienced leader who wants to bring their passion for building incredible teams to deliver the next generation of voice assistant technology to Siri.  Proven ability grow and guide a development organization through productive critique, evangelism, guiding, training, learning, and coaching.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results from organizations that span geographic boundaries.  5+ years of experience building, managing, and leading highly skilled teams of engineers.  5+ years of hands-on experience architecting, designing and developing software products.  Join Apple's Siri team as a Senior Engineering Manager to deliver the best Siri experience around the world.  Experience.  BS/ MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  We are seeking an individual with Senior Integration and Test experience who will technically contribute to the Joint Land Component Constructive Training Capability (JLCCTC) contract.  Experience with Joint Land Component Constructive Training Capability (JLCCTC) /  Warfighters Simulation (WARSIM).  Ability to frequently contribute to the development of new and innovative theories, principals, ideas and methods.  Ability to be a major contributor to the achievement of business objectives.  Possess knowledge and experience with object oriented programming, system processes and scripting languages.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Ability to multi-task.  Must be highly skilled in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Experience in applying project leadership principles including SPI/ CPI, Earned Value, Cost Account Management (CAM), and Statistical Process Controls.  Experienced with automated testing tools.  Experience with continuous integration and automated build environments, particularly Jenkins and Jenkins plug-ins.  Experience with development & test tools, especially Eclipse, Subversion, JUnit/ JMeter.  Experience with Apache Ivy dependency manager.  Experience with Army Military Intelligence systems and their use.  Experience in working with the customer in addressing integration and test issues.  Experience with Test management tools, e.  Experience with Agile Methodology, more specific Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe).  Ability to coordinate and execute Government Acceptance Tests (GATs) in the local laboratories and at fielded sites.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
As a Software Validation Engineer, you will be part of a team working towards NIOs autonomous vehicle vision.  BS/ MS Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.  3+ years of Software Engineering experience (Development or Validation).  Experience with Testing and Debugging methodologies.  Familiarity with Validation and QA methodologies.  Ability to write readable, structured code, that can be easily debugged and scaled.  MS/ PhD Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.  Experience with System languages (C, etc.  Experience with OO languages (C++, C#, Java, etc.  Experience in system-level testing of a complex hardware-software product.  Experience in Automotive industry.  Familiarity with Communications protocols (CAN, UDS, MQTT, REST, etc.  Familiarity with ISO 26262 or other safety standards.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 10+ years experience in relative domain of software development, and 5+ years experience in leading software engineering team.  Experience of building mission-critical backend infrastructure, with high availability, high performance, and geo-redundancy.  Hands-on experience with RESTful API and relational and NoSQL databases, such as MySQL and MongoDB.  Strong skills at coordinating multiple teams and driving cross-functional initiatives.  Hands-on experience with PKI is a plus.  Hands-on experience with building security products is a plus.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 Digital Systems Hardware team is looking for an experienced signal and power integrity engineer with strong background in System Architecture and Design from SI/ PI perspective.  The candidate should have experience in Signal Integrity for high speed serdes, dram memory, pcie, ethernet.  Experience working with OEMs in China is a plus.  BS degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent practical experience.  Experience in signal and power integrity simulation of system boards, including SoC/ chipset, DDR memory, and other high-speed communication interfaces.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 5+ years of experience in security industry, designing and building security products or equivalent experience.  Excellent in security fundamentals, such as network security, applied cryptography, server security, and end-point security.  Proven ability to innovate and create solutions to security problems autonomously.  Experience with designing and building Intrusion Detection/ Prevention Systems (IPS/ IDS).  Experience with Linux kernel hardening.  Experience with real time OSes such as QNX or SafeRTOS.  Experience in the security of IPv4 transport layers.  Experience with embedded systems and bootloaders.  Experience with machine learning based anomaly detection.  Knowledge of CAN and vehicle system architecture.  Knowledge of security of various wireless technologies (such as BLE and NFC).  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 With the proven ability to deliver these solutions, ZT Systems is well positioned as the design, manufacturing and logistics partner of choice for hyperscale compute and storage customers.  Experience with environmental and dynamic test equipment such as Shock & Vibration Test Systems is highly preferred Basic printed circuit board electronic skills such as soldering & wiring is highly preferred Mechanical Engineering or Engineering Technology degree is a plus Basic computer skills and familiarity with standard computer tools /  apps is required CAD skills are a plus, but not required.  Must be able to understand technical drawings, specifications, and documents.  Must be able to operate a wide range of manual and computer controlled test equipment.  Must be motivated, work well with others, and comfortable in a faced-paced environment.  ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/ or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off
Skills and .  Knowledge Desired: -BS or MS in Computer Science or related.  Experience in Java, SQL databases and JavaScript.  Expertise in Web Services.  Experience: machine learning: 4 years (Required)web technologies: 5 years (Required) sql and no-sql based platforms: 5 years (Required)Python: 4 years (Required)core Java and JEE technologies: 5 years 
 Need lead engineers with at least 8 yrs of experience working in fast aced scalable environments.  Skills Set.  Experience in building web services and application at Scala.  Experience in multiple-threaded and concurrency programming.  Ability to work with remote teams
 - 3+ years experience - Computer Science, Programming skills.  - 3+ years experience - Probability and Statistics.  - 3+ years experience - Data Modeling and Evaluation.  3+ years experience ??.  Experience with Big Data and Machine Learning in cloud environment (Azure/ Databricks experience strongly).  3+ years experience ??.  Expert programming skills in at least two of the following: Python, R, Scala, Spark or Java.  Strong preference for Python /  Spark /  Keras.  - 2+ years experience - in applying supervised, unsupervised and semi-supervised learning techniques.  2+ years experience ??Building Machine Learning pipeline ( data ingestion, feature engineering, modeling including ensemble methods, predicting, explaining, deploying and diagnosing over fitting ).  - 3+ years experience - in model selection and sampling.  - 1+ years experience - deep learning and neural nets (strong preference for experience with Keras).  Experience with Natural Language Processing (NLP).  Experience in retail or loyalty programs preferred.  MS of PhD in Electrical or Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics or related engineering or information sciences discipline and in lieu of a MS, a BS and 4+ years of experience will be considered.  We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success.  In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.  We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities
As a Software Validation Engineer, you will be part of a team working towards NIOs autonomous vehicle vision.  Your responsibilities include (but are not limited to):Responsibilities Developing and maintaining code to validate firmware functionality Developing and maintaining documents, including test plans and reports Developing and maintaining test automation stations Emulating hardware and software to validate system functionality Executing and supporting software subsystem testing Executing and supporting system validation testing Executing and supporting in-car firmware testing Coordinating with other sites and teams regarding various levels of testing Qualifications BS/ MS Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related technical discipline, or equivalent experience3+ years of Software Engineering experience (Development or Validation).  Experience with Testing and Debugging methodologies.  Familiarity with Validation and QA methodologies.  Ability to write readable, structured code, that can be easily debugged and scaled Preferred Qualifications MS/ PhD Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.  Experience with System languages (C, etc.  Experience with OO languages (C++, C#, Java, etc.  Experience in system-level testing of a complex hardware-software product.  Experience in Automotive industry.  Familiarity with Communications protocols (CAN, UDS, MQTT, REST, etc.  Familiarity with ISO 26262 or other safety standards Experience: software engineering: 1 year (Preferred)c++: 1 year (Preferred)java: 1 year (Preferred)c#: 1 year 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems, or related field (or equivalent work experience) is required.  7+ years of production IT experience.  5+ years of experience working within public or private cloud environments.  4+ years of experience working in a Windows and Linux based environment including both production and test systems.  Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.  Experience working with management, engineers, architects, developers, etc.  Strong customer focus.  Experience thoroughly testing solutions before making them available to others.  Experience:.  Experience working with international team members.  Experience with one or more of the following: C#, C++, Java, Python, Perl, Ruby, PowerShell, Shell.  Experience with Amazon ECS, EKS, Kubernetes, and/ or Docker.  Database experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Ability and willingness to work some off-hour shifts with a flexible schedule in addition to on-call rotation.  5+ years of experience in managing AWS or GCP.  Experience with common DevOps tools such as Git, Ansible, Puppet, Jenkins, Harness, etc.  Experience in at least two scripting languages such as Bash, Python, Perl, or PowerShell.  Knowledge of infrastructure services like LDAP, Active Directory, DNS, SMTP etc.  Experience with service monitoring and messaging tools like Nagios, Spectrum, etc.  Hands on experience in AWS & GCP provisioning of systems, maintaining security and access management.  Container and Kubernetes experience preferred.  Experience working in a fast-paced environment.  Experience supporting a public facing and internal customers.  Ability to manage projects to completion.  Education and Certifications.  Bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science or technology related field
 Bachelors degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelor of Science (BS) degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field.  Professional experience developing software in a Linux environment.  Web development experience with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and back end technologies.  Scripting language experience such as Ruby or Python.  Modern C++ (11/ 14/ 17) development experience.  Experience with full-stack web development, various scripting languages such as Ruby or Python, and modern C++, in a Linux environment.  Expertise at applying technical standards and methodologies to resolve issues in creative ways.  Ideally, youll also have experience with:.  Web Framework development experience - Ruby on Rails (preferred), Django, Express, etc.  Familiarity with databases such as Oracle or MariaDB.  JavaScript MVC experience - React/ Redux (preferred), Angular, Vue, Ember.  Automated testing experience
 As a strategic thinker and an experienced expert in agile project management, you will lead activities to develop and implement the strategy for development innovation in oncology, by building the vision and establishing collaborations within Roche and with relevant external groups, including academic centers, health authorities, businesses, government institutions and other partners.  Project management certification with significant pharmaceutical industry experience ( > 5 years).  Certification, training or experience working with agile methodologies in project management.  Extensive experience in product development, precision medicine or personalized healthcare strategies in the biotechnology/ pharmaceutical industry.  Ability to integrate/ translate abstract concepts into tangible, results oriented plans to allow for early application and learning as well as rapid iteration to build upon the experience.  Ability to deal successfully with ambiguity and persevere through multiple experiments with a focus on learning as well as outcomes.  Strong peer networks within Roche, the pharmaceutical industry and/ or academia is a plus.  Ability to identify and secure needed expertise to drive a project forward in a scientifically robust manner.  Excellent organizational and communication (both written and verbal) skills.  Cross-functional leadership experience strongly preferred.  Ability to partner/ work in a matrixed organization with cross-functional partners
 He loves to share his experience where it can be helpful but also wants to learn from everyone on the team including you.  Ability to work from home.  Experience.  Experience with a payment processor like Stripe, Braintree or other.  Ecommerce experience.  Strongly Preferred.  Knowledge of SRP, AOP and SOLID.  Shopify experience.  GA/ GTM experience
 with a minimum of 10 years experience working with antibody display libraries and next generation sequencing.  Hands on experience working with generation, screening and characterization of antibody display libraries.  Knowledge of automation, large data set analysis and technologies and concepts related to protein therapeutics.  Experience managing a team and/ or having direct reports.  Excellent communication skills.  Experience with and/ or interest for computational discovery and artificial intelligence based third generation discovery and engineering platform.  Strong publication history and active networking within the biotech community.  We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all
 Ability and willingness to work some off-hour shifts with a flexible schedule in addition to on-call rotation.  5+ years of experience in managing AWS or GCP.  Experience with common DevOps tools such as Git, Ansible, Puppet, Jenkins, Harness, etc.  Experience in at least two scripting languages such as Bash, Python, Perl, or PowerShell.  Knowledge of infrastructure services like LDAP, Active Directory, DNS, SMTP etc.  Experience with service monitoring and messaging tools like Nagios, Spectrum, etc.  Hands on experience in AWS & GCP provisioning of systems, maintaining security and access management.  Container and Kubernetes experience preferred.  Experience working in a fast-paced environment.  Experience supporting a public facing and internal customers.  Ability to manage projects to completion.  Education and Certifications.  Bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science or technology related field
 7-10 years of work experience as a strategic business partner within a life sciences or other highly regulated industry with a focus on records and information management.  Specialized training in data science or related work experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence or other computer science is highly preferred.  Strong leadership, business acumen, influencing and conflict resolution skills, and excellent communication and change management skills are required.  In addition, the candidate must have a proven ability to assess, calibrate, and effectively communicate risk
10+ Years of experience and knowledge within the startup ecosystem in an operator role or as an advisor and/ or investor10+ years of business development or program /  product management experience in an Enterprise, SMB, or startup5+ years of managing teams in a dynamic, fast paced environment.  Candidates must have a background as a startup founder, early employee or investor, where theyve built a business, likely raised capital, and experienced the arc of business-building from nothing to something. MBA or equivalent executive level experience
 Strong communications/  great personality/  .  Strong Technical.  This critical hire is responsible for building a world-class data platform that enables advanced analytic and agile business practices to create state of the art customer experiences.  This platform will enable understanding, documentation and development of solutions which enhance experience.  Strong bias for action with sense of urgency and high energy.  Uses Effective Communication Skills - Candid, clear and concise in communication.  Technical/ Professional Skills - Hold self and others to high standards.  Ability to analyze business requirements and facilitate discussions with business and IT areas to find appropriate procedural and/ or technical solutions.  Strong understanding of basic business principles (finance, marketing, operations, technology, etc.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field.  5+ years of experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical and analytical role.  3+ years experience of Data Lake/ Hadoop platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Hadoop/ Spark implementations.  5+ years experience consulting on analytics, technology and strategy.  Experience as a Technical Data Leader with core capabilities in Cloud Technologies, enterprise data management with a fixed focus on data governance as well as with overall Data Warehousing and optimal delivery strategies.  Ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment.  Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises.  Experience with one or more relevant tools (Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Oozie, Hue, Zookeeper, HCatalog, Solr, Avro).  Familiarity with one or more SQL-on-Hadoop technology (Hive, Impala, Spark SQL, Presto).  Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc).  Current hands-on implementation experience required
 Experience in highly collaborative environment.  Intermediate to advanced working knowledge of MS Suite; specifically, MS Word and Excel
 Experience: Computer Science degree or demonstrable equivalent experience Tools Terraform Kubernetes Ansible Docker Containers Jenkins Azure Linux Admin CI/ CD Pipelines Experience: Azure: 3 years (Required) 
 The successful candidate will have the minimum education and experience below::.  Bachelors degree in a related engineering or science/ technical discipline is required; .  Masters degree or higher in a related engineering or science/ technical discipline is desired.  At least ten (10) years of recent and relevant experience in an engineering position, three (3) of which must be directly related to naval systems.  Must be eligible for a Top Secret clearance
 Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related quantitative field.  3-5 years of work or postdoctoral experience building, deploying and delivering predictive models on structured or unstructured data.  Experience with developing, and deploying CV products that have computing and/ or real-time constraints.  Hands-on dev-ops experience (docker, kubernetes, s3) on cloud platforms (preferably AWS).  Strong software, hardware, and systems development understanding.  Hands-on experience applying machine learning and deep learning to vision data, preferably direct experience with TensorFlow (preferred), Caffe, Keras, Theano or Torch.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively collaborate in a team environment, present and explain technical information, and provide advice to management
4+ years of professional software development experience3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems A minimum of 10 years of experience programming, the latest 5 leading a team of software development professionals within a distributed systems environment.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer or Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or a related field plus five years of progressively responsible experience in the specialty as equivalent.  It's a critical time for cloud providers, and Amazon Web Services is investing in making sure we continue to offer the world's best customer experience for our customers complex challenges.  We are continuing to expand, and seek talented engineers obsessed with customer experience and operational excellence.  Our customers value the peace of mind AWS Service Catalog brings to governance, and has proven especially attractive to companies in healthcare and finance.  Strong verbal and written communication skills Curious to learn in depth about both technology and our customers.  Experience building and operating distributed systems.  Experience leading and mentoring junior developers
 Required experience.  6+ years working experience with network infrastructure devices and technology.  Expert level knowledge with IPSec VPN.  Expert level configuring Routers/ Switches.  Advanced knowledge and proven experience working with OSPF, BGP, Load Balancers, Firewalls, VPN.  5+ years experience working with firewalls.  PCI experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
The right person will be highly technical and analytical, possess 15+ years of current solution architecture (implementation/ consulting) experience5+ years of customer-facing experience working on technical solutions for the Oil and Gas industry7+ years of highly technical and analytical Development or IT experience3+ years of experience with technologies related to cloud.  Past experience writing and publishing technical whitepapers desirable.  Experience working directly with customers is required, and prior experience working with partner ecosystems is a plus.  Previous AWS experience is preferred but not required.  Strong public speaking and writing skills are required.  BA/ BS degree; Computer Science, Math or Technical background highly desired; Advanced Degree a plus.  Experience working with AWS technologies from a dev/ ops perspective AWS Certification, eg
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or similar field of study, or equivalent work experience required.  6+ years proven work related experience is required in configuration of OSPF, BGP, Layer7 switching, VPNs and VoIP related protocols.  Experience configuring AWS VPC and related VPC endpoints.  Experience with AWS VPC Gateways.  VoIP experience is required, with an in-depth understanding of SIP Peering and Trunking.  Ability to quickly diagnose and resolve problems is essential.  Excellent editing and proofreading skills.  Excellent time management skills.  PCI 1 experience.  Experience:.  Proficient in MS Office Suite.  3+ years PCU 1 experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Excellent communication skills with the ability to distill complex thoughts and strategies into simple, actionable recommendations.  Ability to liaise with multiple internal divisions and departments.  3+ years experience in Customer Success for enterprise software.  Experience in a customer-facing role, supporting enterprise sales cycles.  Experience in enterprise software and B2B environments.  Ability to travel up to 20%
 Experience, Competencies and Skills:.  At least 15+ years of experience managing and delivering results in a sports and entertainment health and security environment.  Degree in Business Administration, Management, Engineering, Economics, or related field.  Ability to assess the strategic fit and values of new business ideas, manage the prioritization of the innovation pipeline, and allocates resources to test new initiatives in the business unit.  Strong leadership and communication skills to work with senior executives across various geographies and markets.  Strong people development and influencing skills; able to build and drive extended and virtual teams.  Proven analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions through clearly communicating data insights to others.  Ability to work collaboratively in a leadership role with cross functional teams throughout the organization.  Strong knowledge of transformational technologies.  We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who have proven experience tackling some of the greatest challenges
 Present SnapLogic Intelligent Integration Platform, including demonstrating deep familiarity with hardware, software, networking and security stack.  Ability to work as part of a team to solve business and technical problems in varied political environments.  Proven time management & prioritization skills in a dynamic sales environment.  Experience in product applications, ability to understand and explain related technical issues, working knowledge of company products, all potential applications and effective communication skills.  Excellent hands on relational database skills and cloud computing/ web 2.  Excellent skills in conducting POCs and relating the technical value to business value in pre-sales environment.  Strong experience with SaaS, cloud computing, web technologies.  Data integration knowledge and experience is a big PLUS.  Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, MBA, or equivalent work experience.  Previous experience as a Solutions Engineer
 Possess knowledge and experience in leading DoD contracts, preferably for Program offices with ACAT I programs.  At least 10 years of management experience.  Bachelor's or Master's degree from an accredited college or university.  MS or MBA degree preferred.  (An additional 4 years of specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree)
 While we do not ask for familiarity with all of the following, our stack includes a number of web services written in Scala /  Play, AWS (mostly ECS and RDS), Elasticsearch, a Python machine learning cluster, and TypeScript on our frontend.  Three or more years professional experience writing and maintaining stable production-quality code.  Familiarity with distributed systems.  Experience scaling JVM application(s) from processing millions of items per month to millions of items per day.  You have experience with different AWS offerings?ë´ªike ECS, RDS, Lambda(s), and Kinesis.  Lead an endeavor to improve customer experience, fatten our data pipeline, expose new APIs, or scale our infrastructure, taking product specifications through the prototyping phase to production-ready solutions
 Experience with using data science tools.  Experience with data modeling, building workflows, and tasking.  Experience with Python to perform data analysis, mining, and data visualization.  Knowledge of JEMA.  Ability to create mathematical and statistical models.  BA or BS degree or 10 years of experience with analytics.  Experience with machine learning.  Knowledge of GEOINT TCPED.  Knowledge of GEOINT tools.  MA or MS degree
 Demonstrated experience with: HTML/ CSS/ JS, NodeJS, integrating with web APIs (GraphQL, REST).  Ability to effectively communicate complex ideas to technical and non-technical individuals alike
 Experiences team is part of the Windows and Devices division.  We are focused on using front-end and back-end services to deliver innovative, customer-focused Microsoft user experiences across devices and the web (aka service driven experiences).  Experiences team.  As an experienced Applied Data Scientist, you will specialize in owning and analyzing the business questions of your team.  Through your analysis and research, you will curate and maintain Key Performance Indicators which show trends towards achieving a business goal and build strategies for improving Windows experiences.  Skills & Qualifications.  Experience with EDA, Inference analysis, Predictive analysis (Regression, Classification etc.  Ability to thrive in "start-up" environment, deal with ambiguity and drive clarity.  Excellent oral and written communication skills and presentation skills.  Experience with ML libraries/ frameworks as Pandas, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-learn, Azure ML, Azure Databricks.  Experience with Experiment Design and analysis is a plus.  A proven track record of demonstrated leadership in complex areas, through critical thinking, thought leadership, technical skills, and relentless drive for progress.  Experience Required.  Graduate degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or an equivalent technical field.  7+ years of relevant software experience with software development, data science/ analytics or data modelling.  Professional experience with at least one high-level programming language: Python, R, C#, Java, C/ C++
 The Intelligent Retail Lab is part of Walmart's Store No 8, an innovation hub formed by the world's largest retailer focused on identifying and investing in trends and technologies reshaping the shopping experience.  As a people-led, tech-empowered business, we believe that technology has immense potential to enhance the associate and customer experience in our stores.  ft store with 30K items and more than 100 associates, will allow us to test a broad range of applications such as improving inventory and on-shelf availability, enhancing both the associate and customer experience in our stores.  Bachelor's degree or higher.  10+ years account management experience in SaaS, software, analytics and associated services.  Experience representing and supporting innovative technologies that are in the infancy of market adoption.  Ability to travel up to 50% both domestic and international.  Technology savvy with high level proficiency in PowerPoint, Excel, and Salesforce.  Most importantly, we empower our industry-leading tech team to solve far future problems and focus on building magical shopping experience for the consumers
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree; Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Candidates with a degree in security, networking, IT or related are preferred.  Candidates should preferentially have knowledge with the following IT Skillsets:.  Certifications are preferred, and could include RHCSA, Network+, Security+, MSCE, MSCA, VCA, VCP, CCENT, CCNA, CCNP, CEH, CISSP, etc.  Ability to quickly grasp and apply new information.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Required qualifications and experience:.  You have at least five years' previous experience as a full-cycle recruiter, with at least three of those years having been recruitment of technical roles.  You enjoy taking the lead and have proven experience influencing key stakeholders
An early stage AI (Artificial Intelligence) startup successfully selling worldwide is looking for an experienced sales executive to grow sales aggressively. Qualifications:* BS or BA degree* .  Proven ability to close new sales* 3-5 yrs experience in revenue generating technical sales roles* .  Excellent communication/ negotiating/ closing skills with customers/ prospects* Aggressive, self-starter, strong organizational skills* Previous startup experience is an asset
 To maintain the best customer experience with our product, service, and support, we are looking to hire qualified, dedicated, and self-motivated candidates who can help us further our business mission, i.   Essential Skills:.  Experience Designing API service for consumption by internal or external developers.  Experience working on Service Oriented Architecture and Software as a Service (SaaS) multi-tenant application.  Strong skills in developing an enterprise application.  Past experience of developing and maintaining Software Products.   Preferred Skills:.  Working experience of Angular 2.  Experience Requirements.  BS/ BSc or MS/ MSc in Computer Science.  4 years and above experience with demonstrated proactivity & ownership.  Experience of working with geo-distributed teams in different time zones
 Proven track record of building and implementing Quality processes for software teams.  Proven track record of participating/ leading software development initiatives from concept to market, including verification and validation.  2+ years of experience managing direct reports.  2+ years of formal or informal experience in project management.  Experience with in vitro diagnostic devices (IVD).  Experience with Software as a Medical Device (SaMD).  Experience with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning.  Experience with LIMS, HIPAA, and Laboratory Controls.  Experience with automated software development
 This team includes SAP Basis, SAP BW/ 4HANA, Data Architecture, Database Administration (DBA), Content Management System development (CMS) and other business applications.  Experience:.  7+ years of experience in a related leadership role.  Bachelor's Degree in technology or business-related field.  Other Skills/ Qualifications:.  Ability to develop and implement growth plans and programs.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Strong organizational and time management skills.  Ability to lead and develop technical resources.  Knowledge of formal project management concepts and methodologies. ! If you experience system-related issues or need assistance with the online application, please call (920) 720-7700
 Take ownership not just of your products features, but of the overall success of clients end-to-end experience.  Subject matter expertise with pharma /  life sciences drug development, including familiarity with clinical research process and patient-facing, consumer app functionality.  Experience with wearable sensor technologies including expecting feature sets and broad understanding of competitive offerings and critical use cases.  Familiarity with the process of developing, validating and driving adoption for clinical trials technology; Ideally have been directly involved in all three steps.  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.  Experience leading SaaS products and Agile product development teams.  Agile experience strongly preferred.  Ability to interact with technical resources and translate business needs to a technical team; effectively communicate technical information and processes to relevant stakeholders.  Ability to interact with customer users to understand their pain points and turn those into actionable user stories and product plans.  Ability to effectively evaluate a problem or situation from all angles to determine the most appropriate solution.  Experience:.  At least 10 years of relevant experience in Life Sciences, Clinical Trial, or eClinicial software industry.  At least 5 years of related wearable sensor and/ or patient-facing applications development experience
 Desired Skills.  5+ years of project management experience, especially with web-based /  mobile products.  Experienced working with ODM, OEM, CM highly desired.  Experienced in building HW and IOT devices.  Strong leadership and communication skills and the ability to teach others.  Ability to collaborate well with engineers, designers, and the marketing department.  Strong technical background in robotics, motion controls, sensors, mechatronics is a plus.  Serious consideration will be given to qualified candidates from computer vision fields with relevant hardware/ firmware/ software product development experience.  Experienced in setting up project schedules and work breakdown structures.  Ability to travel internationally to support builds.  Experience:.  5+ years of technical project management experience, especially with hardware/ software development.  Bachelor's degree in a technical field (e
 High School diploma or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
POSITION: Lead Business Intelligence Analyst LOCATION: Bethesda, MDPOSITION HIGHLIGHTS: Verstand AI is seeking a Lead Business Intelligence Analyst with expertise in Microsoft Power BI and experience with Google Cloud and/ or Microsoft Azure to join our information technology team.  Experience, Skills and Education: Bachelor's degree from four-year College or university in Business, Computer Science, Technology or related field. 5+ years of experience with Microsoft Power BI, business analytics, data science, and/ or business intelligence. Hands-on experience across reporting solutions such as Tableau, Power BI, etc.  Strong analytic skills, attention to detail, ability to multi-task, troubleshoot and problem solve along with the ability to make recommendations based on analysis are extremely important. Must possess excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills.  Must be self-managed, highly motivated and have a strong drive for results.  Must be naturally able to exert influence, drive and steer stakeholders in the right direction.  Proven, demonstrated capability in gathering and documenting complex business and functional requirements.  Ability to grasp concepts quickly and reduce them to practice with minimal supervision in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to manage changing priorities and plan effectively in order to meet deadlines.  Experience, Skills and Education:.  Experience with enterprise Business Intelligence platforms.  Experience with cloud-based analytical platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure).  Experience with data science techniques /  Machine Learning /  Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with integration models, including API, ETL, and ELT.  Experience with Agile development practices.  Knowledge of and experience with the software development life cycle (SDLC). Retail experience a plus.  Experience: Microsoft Power BI: 3 years (Preferred)Cloud Platform: 2 years (Preferred)Business Intelligence: 3 years (Preferred)Contract 
 Proven track record of building and implementing Quality processes for software teams.  Proven track record of participating/ leading software development initiatives from concept to market, including verification and validation.  2+ years of experience managing direct reports.  2+ years of formal or informal experience in project management.  Experience with in vitro diagnostic devices (IVD).  Experience with Software as a Medical Device (SaMD).  Experience with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning.  Experience with LIMS, HIPAA, and Laboratory Controls.  Experience with automated software development
 Must have (AWS, AZURE, Cloud) platform experience.  Must have handled large teams. Basic Qualifications Technical Degree (Computer Science, Maths, Engineering or equivalent) and/ or relevant tech experience Fluent written and verbal communication skills in English.  Experience of Software, Systems or Data Design.  Knowledge of a modern programming language (Python, JavaScript, Go, .  Experience: Cloud Architecture: 10 years 
 A proven track record in quantitative portfolio management or index design.  Excellent grounding in current leading financial research and a demonstrable ability to develop new areas of research.  Proficiency in one or more coding languages (e.  5+ years of quantitative experience in asset management or structured products.  A proven track record as a team leader or supervisor
 With the proven ability to deliver these solutions, ZT Systems is well positioned as the design, manufacturing and logistics partner of choice for hyperscale compute and storage customers.  Knowledge of Schematic and CAD Tools such as Cadence, Altium or Mentor Graphics.  Strong leadership, presentation, verbal and written communication skills required.  Experience in PCB fabrication/ assembly, compatibility and reliability testing.  Strong bring up and debug experience.  Experience in developing server product architectures and carrying through to production.  Experience with server motherboard design.  Experience with server chassis layout optimization.  Experience with rack-level and data-center design implementation.  BS in Electrical Engineering8+ years of server board design experience.  ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/ or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off
 Knowledge of high-speed PCB layout design.  Strong ability to debug high speed designs and signal integrity issues.  Knowledge of power distribution techniques & x-86 processor system architecture.  Ability to implement high speed serial busses (SAS/ SATA, PCIe, USB) and/ or high-speed parallel busses (DDR2/ 3), and CPU front side bus.  Ability to create specifications and design guides.  Strong leadership, presentation, verbal and written communication skills required.  BS in Electrical Engineering and 1+ years of experience directly related to the design and debug of computer related PCB boards.  ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/ or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off
 Preferred skills and experience:.  6+ years of experience with hands-on software development or technical consulting.  Proficiency in coding in 1 or 2 languages (e.  Knowledge of software testing practice; Test-driven development, setup and execution of automated test suites within a continuous integration framework.  Knowledge of data model design, working with relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, AWS Aurora, and MySQL, JDBC Connections and PL/ SQL.  Many of the world's largest organizations use Appian applications to improve customer experience, achieve operational excellence, and simplify global risk management and compliance
 Preferred skills and experience:.  6+ years of experience with hands-on software development or technical consulting.  Proficiency in coding in 1 or 2 languages (e.  Knowledge of software testing practice; Test-driven development, setup and execution of automated test suites within a continuous integration framework.  Knowledge of data model design, working with relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, AWS Aurora, and MySQL, JDBC Connections and PL/ SQL.  Many of the world's largest organizations use Appian applications to improve customer experience, achieve operational excellence, and simplify global risk management and compliance
 You have successful, proven, and demonstrable experience leading cross-discipline teams in the development and integration of software-based solutions for competitive, contract-based applied research programs (e. 2), and proven experience deploying solutions at scale into prototype and production systems.  We know you have experience designing solutions for competitively-sourced proposals the duties.  Form teams of composed of industry, small businesses, and academic-based partners for contract R&D programs and directing teams of research scientists (including research scientists with backgrounds in machine learning, artificial intelligence, and embedded systems) in the design of sub-components, integration platforms, and testing and research validation methodologies and techniques The candidate will also have experience contributing to the managing business aspects of contract management and project execution Independently design and undertake new research as well as partner in a team environment across organizations Develop topics for creative and innovative R&D approaches to solving major machine-learning or artificial challenges and work with potential sponsors (customers or internal champions) to secure funding for new research efforts based on those topics Lead teams of fellow researchers, data scientists, data engineers, and software engineers to execute complex R&D programs Design and implement secure, scalable, and fault-tolerant solutions across a distributed architecture, with the objective of researching and developing technical approaches, especially deep learning, applicable across multiple domains.  Top Secret Security Clearance with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS/ SCI Bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, data science, or a related discipline, such as statistics or applied mathematic with at least 19 years of experience or a .  Masters degree with at least 15 years of relevant experience or a PhD with at least 13 years of specialized experience Sustained (e. , at least 5 years), hands-on experience with: data modeling and data engineering, feature engineering, model lifecycle management, and cloud infrastructure; supervised and unsupervised deep learning algorithms such as convolutional neural networks, recurrent neural networks, gated recurrent unit and working in data analysis, modeling, and visualization packages in TensorFlow, Kera, Pytorch, Caffe, and Theano; and developing or integrating analytics in programming languages such as Python Track record of relevant publications in peer-reviewed conferences and journals.  Experience integrating solutions that incorporate the of state-of-the-art methods coupled with the creativity and intelligence to advance beyond in one or more subfields of ML or AI: Computer Vision; Pattern Recognition; Predictive Modeling and Decision Support;;Reduced Order Modeling Leadership abilities necessary to lead projects that include strong communication skills needed to present research plans, progress, and results to customers and internal decision-makers alike.  TS/ SCI PhD is highly desirable PhD dissertation in Machine Learning or Artificial Intelligence with publication track record Prior experience as a project lead, preferably as a principal investigator Prior experience working with All-Source Intelligence Analysts to design mission-focused solutions
Does the challenge of solving real-world problems by digging into data and using machine learning excite you? Are you interested in building AI solutions that will redefine Microsoft data center operations? Have you ever wanted to work on machine learning problems that impact the experience of millions of cloud customers? Come and join us!.  As such, the ideal candidate will have experience with each of these technologies or be interested in/ excited about learning and expanding their horizons.  The candidate can also expect to collaborate with a rapidly growing team of talented data scientists and software engineers to bring these solutions to life and substantially impact customer experience.  experience in applied data science and in deploying machine learning/ deep learning models in production.  Expertise with Python and experience with other scripting languages (e.  Familiarity with libraries such as Pandas, Keras, Pytorch, Scikit-learn etc.  Strong verbal and written communication skills (e.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Math, Applied Statistics, or related field.  Strong software development, and SQL skills.  Expertise with time series analysis, natural language processing and/ or computer vision.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 The ideal candidate has a broad range of experience across multiple service and client technologies, and proven ability to succeed across organizational boundaries.  This role influences, owns, and builds processes and tools that have many touch points across Office, Windows, Microsoft 365, Xbox, C+AI and other partners, in order to deploy AI to personalize customer experiences and deliver the most relevant, engaging content.  Build scalable AI systems that personalize customer experiences across Microsoft.  5+ years program management or other relevant experience.  Strong analytic skills and great attention to detail.  Experience driving technical features and creative processes (online services a plus).  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor's degree in engineering.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 Also, the resource will need to have extensive experience in developing micro-services, APIs, enterprise integrations within a AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure environments.  Ability to process and solve both short term and long term digital challenges.  Operational Excellence: Leverage your experience in developing and delivering technical projects to provide accurate estimates for level of effort and complexity associated with digital projects.  Do you, love technology? Are you a Sitecore and marketing technology expert? Are you results-focused and able to deliver stellar results in a fast-paced environment? Do you want to be part of a technology organization that has an opportunity to bring digital experiences to iconic brands? If you want to apply all that you have learned to help a digital team deliver technology that will impact over 1 million customers every day, we want YOU!.  Experience & Qualifications.  Minimum 5 years of technical experience developing robust applications with Sitecore 8. Net technologies with a strong CMS or ecommerce background.  Minimum 5 years of technical experience with Solr, Lucene or Covea search and indexing technology. Net Forms experience.  Minimum 7 years of technical experience designing and building digital experiences for well-known consumer brands.  Experience with ECMA 6 and Typescript a plus.  Minimum 5 years Back-end development experience with any of .  Experience consuming and creating micro-services, REST web service APIs.  Experience with Application Performance Management platforms and tuning applications (AppDynamics, New Relic, Elasticsearch.  Experience with GIT and modern branching strategies.  Excellent Technical Documentation Skills.  Experience working in a cross-functional matrix organization.  All Qualified Candidates Must Possess The Following Core Qualifications.  Strong pro-active communication, with great attention to detail.  Ability to assist in the timely delivery of high-quality software releases.  Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced /  dynamic team environment and possess time management skills in meeting critical deadlines.  Excellent oral/ written communication skills and interpersonal skills to support interaction with internal customers, team members, and internal management.  Technical Skills. NET architecture experience.  24/ 7 Ecommerce/ Retail/ Gaming experience.  Knowledge of deploying solutions to AWS.  Experience working within an Agile methodology.  Experience in Microsoft Visual Studio, with team services, integration and GIT
 PhD degree (or Master's degree with 3+ years of experience) in Computer Science, Engineering, Artificial Intelligence, Genomics, Molecular Biology, or related field.  Experience with one or more programming languages including Python, C/ C++.  Strong communication skills
 We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  We are looking for Engineering Manager to help us lead this effort in making Teams Meeting a first class experience used by millions of people worldwide and building a high performance eng team.  10+ years of software development experience in at least one of the following languages: C++, C#, Java, TypeScript, AngularJS and/ or ReactJS, or other OO language BS Degree in CS or related engineering field, out of which 4 years as EM.  Strong passion for delivering high quality, large scale services in storage, search, data or related areas.  Ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies and adopt solution from within the company or from the Open Source community.  Experience with deploying, running and maintaining large scale services
 As our support leader, you will be on the frontline in providing the best experience and gaining insight into our users.  You should be passionate about providing customers and freelancers with a timely and robust experience.  Define a vibrant culture and robust on-boarding experience for a fully remote team.  Minimum of 4 years leading teams in an application support or SaaS customer support with experience in managing process improvements with measurable positive outcomes.  Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experience leading a remote workforce is preferred.  (Excel knowledge is a plus, Zendesk experience is needed).  Must be a self started who is collaborative, customer-focused and project-oriented.  Excellent communication skills with a keen attention to detail while handling multiple priorities
 Experience with using data science tools.  Experience with data modeling, building workflows, and tasking.  Experience with Python to perform data analysis, mining, and data visualization.  Knowledge of JEMA.  Ability to create mathematical and statistical models.  BA or BS degree or 10 years of experience in a professional work environment with analytics.  Experience with machine learning.  Knowledge of GEOINT TCPED.  Knowledge of GEOINT tools.  MA or MS degree
 S/ he will have an advanced mastery and practical experience with developing and applying complex machine learning and similar modeling solutions.  S/ he will have had hands-on experience covering advanced algorithms, databases, networking, modeling and simulation, as well as those covering biocomputation and bioengineering informatics, as well as essential scientific programming skills (e.  Bachelor's Degree in Machine Learning, Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science, or a Computational Science field; or Master's Degree.  Significant work and/ or research experience.  We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all
 Proven Track Record ??Providing staffing services to major Systems Integrators including Accenture, Grant Thornton LLP and Deloitte LLP.  The selected candidate must have hands on experience in the following:.  Possess knowledge and experience with PeopleSoft HCM 9.  Possess significant experience with People Tools version 8.  Possess significant experience in Fluid User Interface (UI).  Possess significant experience with Application Engine Programs, SQR, component/ page development, People Code, and XML/ BI Publisher for custom development.  Possess significant experience in creation of custom Component Interfaces, interfaces, integration tools, and APIs.  Possess significant experience with RedHat Linux 6 and 7 operating systems.  Possess significant experience in developing SQL and Shell Scripts.  Possess significant experience in use of People Code Debugger and tracing tools to analyze components and troubleshoot problems.  Possess experience in applying tax updates and packages using Change Assistant.  Possess knowledge and experience with more recent PUM Images (preferred).  Possess experience with Phire change management software (preferred).  The selected candidate must have hands on experience in the following:.  Possess knowledge and experience with PeopleSoft HCM 9.  Possess significant experience with PeopleTools version 8.  Possess significant experience in Fluid User Interface (UI).  Possess significant experience with Application Engine Programs, SQR, component/ page development, PeopleCode, and XML/ BI Publisher for custom development
 Required Skills:.  7+ years of experience in sales, strategy, product development, or other client-facing role
 biomedical engineering, computer science, physics etc) with 4+ years of experience performing analysis in clinical/ translational imaging datasets (MRI, PET, SPECT, OCT).  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  In the context of CNS, direct experience in quantitative analysis of PET images is preferred.  Experience in neuroscience or ophthalmology.  Strong oral and written communication skills.  Mathematical /  statistical proficiency.  Programming proficiency (e.  Experience across multiple therapeutic areas
 Demonstrated experience in artificial intelligence and/ or motion planning.  Must be U
 Provenir is a global fintech company with offices in New Jersey, Miami, San Francisco, Canada, London, Leeds, and Singapore.  Message Queuing technologies like ActiveMQ, MSMQ, MQSeries, etc.  Masters Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.  Experience.  Experience with Cloud Based Applications on AWS/ Microsoft Azure/ Google Cloud Platform.  7+ years software development experience.  Ability to clearly and concisely articulate ideas, thoughts, and opinions during requirements and design sessions with the development team.  Strong analytical, problem-solving and synthesizing skills while understanding the scope and impact of your work.  Experience with Scrum/ Agile development methodologies.  Provenir, youll be a member of a dynamic and growing team that prides itself in developing highly innovative, adaptable and configurable software solutions.  Provenir a great place to build your career.  Provenir.  Provenir is an Equal Opportunity Employer
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related field and at least three (3) years of experience in big data engineering (any title) developing data pipelines and iterative models, integrating algorithms, and using Spark, Hadoop, NoSQL, Kafka, Storm, Cassandra, and large & multi-structured data sets
 As an experienced member of our Software Engineering Group we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation & engineering practices.  BS/ BA degree or equivalent experience.  Exposure to AI/ ML Platform, Products and Engineering.  Expertise in application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines.  Proficiency in multiple modern programming languages Java development, Python , JavaScript, HTML, CSS.  Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices.  Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture.  Strong computer science fundamentals such as algorithms, data structures, multithreading, object-oriented development, distributed applications, client-server architecture.  Experience with toolset GIT, Maven, Jenkins and UNIX scripting.  Exposure any cloud platform like AWS or Azure or Google cloud is highly preferred.  Expertise in Docker containers, Kubernetes platforms and Kafka or other messaging queueing technology is a plus
 Bachelors degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc. ) or equivalent professional or military experience.  Experience with ML fields, e. , natural language processing, computer vision, statistical learning theory6+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science, and analysis .  Experience in an ML engineer or data scientist role building ML models.  Experience writing code in Python, R, Scala, Java, C++ with documentation for reproducibility.  Experience handling terabyte size datasets, diving into data to discover hidden patterns, using data visualization tools, writing SQL, and working with GPUs to develop models.  Experience writing and speaking about technical concepts to business, technical, and lay audiences and giving data-driven presentations.  If you have experience with AI, including building ML models, wed like to have you join our team.  Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships.  Ability to develop strategic, baselined, data modeling processes; ability to accurately determine cause-and-effect relationships. Publications or presentations in recognized ML journals or conferences Deep technical skills, consulting experience, and business savvy to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers organization Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment
 Experience building software products that utilize third party mathematics and communication libraries.  Experience with interface communication standards /  protocols such as TCP/ IP, UDP, and DDS.  Ability to read and understand signal processing algorithms written in MATLAB Advanced knowledge of the Linux operating system as well as experience with real-time operating systems Designing, implementing, and testing software to configure and control RF hardware devices Integrating software into third-party software frameworks and architectures, such as Redhawk Documenting the developed systems Support system field testing and collection events, usually about a week in duration once or twice a year.  The successful candidate will have the following education/ experience:.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science12+ years of software development experience, including strong experience in C/ C++ real-time software development.  Experience using version control (Subversion, GIT, etc.  Bonus education/ experience:.  Masters Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent Existing security clearance higher than the Secret level.  Experience with Machine Learning and/ or Artificial Intelligence algorithms and libraries, such as TensorFlow.  Experience with MATLAB GPU computing.  Experience with High Performance Computing including parallel and distributed computation.  Experience with Model-Based Design code generation practices.  Experience with cloud-based computing platforms, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Experience with other programming languages such as Python and/ or Java
 Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline Engineering, Business Information Systems, Computer Science, Information Systems/ Technology, Business with a Technical Background.  20+ years of experience in directing program activities to meet client and organization work objectives and have served clients to coordinate activities, negotiate tasks, and solve problems.  Experience in the development, drafting, and writing of Technical and Program Management solutions in responses to competitive Government Requests for Proposal.  Experience supervising technical and administrative staff.  In-depth knowledge and experience in applying service delivery business models and technologies to deliver successful outcomes that support and enhance customer mission capabilities.  Firm knowledge across and experience in several of the following areas: Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Managed Services, Cybersecurity, Software Application Development, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Science;.  Knowledgeable and experienced in application and best practices of ITIL Framework.  Ability to acquire & subsequently maintain relevant domain accreditations in at least two of the following Cloud Platforms: AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google.  Ability to work collaboratively in a dynamic, unstructured environment.  Experience designing and delivering solutions, preferably in a Defense or National Intelligence agency.  Experience working in a P&L capacity and understanding the balance of delivering solutions that meet business oriented objectives
 Have experience designing and operating software in a cloud provider such as AWS, Azure, or GCP.  Have API design and data model implementation experience, including how to scale out, make highly available, or map to storage systems.  Have experience using Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/ CD) with an emphasis on a well-maintained testing pyramid.  Have experience with multiple software stacks and are willing to adapt to new ones.  Have experience with 'Big Data' technologies such as: Kafka, AWS EMR, Apache Spark, DataFlow or Pipeline Systems, Columnar Databases, ElasticSearch, NoSql stores.  Have experience coordinating with product management to ensure dependencies can be satisfied across teams and functionality.  Have experience implementing custom integrations with third party back-office solutions such as Salesforce.  Have experience implementing custom and/ or third party ETL/ ELT pipelines on a managed data warehouse/ analytics using technologies such as: Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, Vertica, Teradata, Oracle, MapR, PostgreSQL, DBT.  Have experience with Business Intelligence technologies such as: Tableau, Looker, Qlik, QuickSight.  Experience with predictive analytics a plus.  Have experience applying data governance principles to implement processes, controls, and standards for managing data across an enterprise, including metric definition lifecycle management.  Cloud Provider - AWS: EC2, Lambda, ECS, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, S3, Aurora, DynamoDB, KMS, CloudFront, CloudFormation, CodePipeline, etc
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, Physics, Mathematics.  At least 10 or more years' experience.  Languages: Python, C++, C, Java, and MATLAB experience desired.  ExoAnalytic Solutions is looking for a talented systems engineer with Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) development experience to support space and missile defense missions in the Huntsville, AL area.  Experience Requirements:.  Experience developing with Python, Java, C, and/ or C++.  Proven experience and understanding of sensor algorithms such as detection, tracking, and classification is desired.  Familiarity with missile defense systems is desired.  Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.  Proven ability to work as part of a team and independently.  Ability to communicate at technical and programmatic levels
 Digital Health and Analytics is a new area of Humana, focused on transforming the health experience for Humana members through the use of technology and analytics.  The ideal candidate will have experience conducting experiments in an applied healthcare setting, demonstrated innovative and creative methods for overcoming testing constraints, as well as successfully applying machine learning techniques to address business needs.  Masters Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 2 years of related experience.  3 years technical experience.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using R, Python or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to higher-level business insights and key takeaways.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  PhD Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark, Scala, or Microsoft Azure.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting
 Bachelor's degree in Bioinformatics, Biotechnology, Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Mathematics or Statistics and 4 years of data analysis experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience required
5+ years of business development, enterprise sales, strategic partnerships, or program/ product management experience.  The ideal candidate will also be familiar with enterprise grade IT, complex legacy IT environments, managed enterprise IT infrastructure services, Enterprise applications, and would have professional experience in market analysis, customer engagement management, business operations; and have a background that demonstrates success in the introduction of new technology into global markets. Identify and nurture relationships with early-adopter customers through all stages of adoption, setting up early-maturity services for a highly productive and efficient flywheel of customer feedback and adoptionEngage in internal process improvement and management across a large stream of workloads and stakeholders to optimize early-maturity service adoption and experiencesServe as an evangelist for the AWS AI Services and ML Platform within AWS and externally.  Experience developing, launching, managing and deploying AI or ML products.  Experience launching new SaaS services, and developing cloud products in their first year of life.  Demonstrated experience interfacing with data scientists and data engineers successfully.  Strong analytical skills, and demonstrated ability to turn detailed data analysis into useful strategic insight in order to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to the business.  Experience with, and detailed knowledge of managed services market and insights related to cloud computing. Product launch experience (SaaS/ IaaS/ XaaS preferred).  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills.  Experience writing articles (business and technical), speaking at business or technology conferences, or publishing whitepapers /  thought leadership content.  Experience with technology delivery including but not limited the following industries: Retail, Advertising and e-Commerce, Gaming, Media & Entertainment, Telecommunications, Technology & Internet, and IOT.  Experience selling to Fortune 1000 and/ or Global 2000 organizations.  Experience with machine learning workloads on cloud, particularly with pre-trained or applied a.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, Go, Scala. MBA or equivalent relevant business experience.  Experience building partner ecosystems, including partner networks that involve System Integrators, Global System Integrators and ISVs
 General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  High School diploma or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience
, math, computer science, physics, engineering) from an accredited college or university14+ years of professional experience including at least 4 years of management experience7+ years of professional experience in an IT sales organization or an IT consulting role1+ year of ML industry experienceWillingness to travel to meet with customers (~40% of time).  You will also have a strong understanding of large-scale AI/ ML solutions as well as proven leadership and team-building skills.  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a management consultant, ML practitioner, analytics delivery lead, or industry executive and an appreciation of the advantages of cloud computing.  Graduate degree (e. , MBA, MS, JD, PhD).  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to listen to the voice of the customer and to work effectively and collaboratively across internal and external teams.  Excellent speaking and presentation skills including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations, as well as strong writing skillsBusiness understanding of cloud computingFun to work with, team-oriented and results-driven
 Drive cost takeout activities, elimination of manual processes, mitigate risk, improve customer experience and accuracy.  Knowledge and Skills/ Technology Used.  Progressive experience in leading employees in multiple locations, and significant experience developing and implementing solutions.  Experience with Lean Six Sigma and/ or other process improvement methodologies is desirable.  Ability to collect and analyze large amounts of data, interpret data, to detect errors, and prepare reports.  Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experience.  10+ years demonstrated experience managing multiple functions
, math, computer science, physics, engineering) from an accredited college or university7+ years of professional experience1+ year of professional experience in an IT sales organization or an IT consulting role1+ year of ML industry experienceWillingness to travel to meet with customers (~40% of time).  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a management consultant, ML practitioner, analytics delivery lead, or industry executive and an appreciation of the advantages of cloud computing.  Graduate degree (e. , MBA, MS, JD, PhD).  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to listen to the voice of the customer and to work effectively and collaboratively across internal and external teams.  Excellent speaking and presentation skills including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations, as well as strong writing skillsBusiness understanding of cloud computingFun to work with, team-oriented and results-driven
 Masters Degree or equivalent education in Science/ Technology or PharmD or equivalent education with extensive (typically 16 years) of related work;.  Experience in sophisticated business environments across EA frameworks.  At least 12 years of experience in a variety of IT roles including technical, application development, business systems, and data management.  Additional experience in setting IT Strategy, formal product evaluations, interactions with senior IT management, and managing multi?ë¦ivisional and cross?ë¦ivisional teams.  Proven ability to innovate with a history of new or improved technology solutions with remarkable impact on company productivity
 First-hand experience of developing and maintaining Managed Services is preferred.  5+ years services of services management experience.  Strong communicator and listener with technical and non-technical colleagues.  Experience working with SaaS delivered B2B tools.  A Bachelor's Degree or equivalent in real-world experience.  Experience.  Experience working with developers and IT leaders a plus
Job Description: Senior Consult with experience in RPA and AI technologies.  Candidate should have experience in RPA use case discovery and implementation in Blue Prism or Ui Path or Automation Anywhere technologies. Must Have Skills: Artificial IntelligenceAzure MLRPAShould you be interested, please apply by clicking the URL here Click here or alternatively send me a copy of your resume in word format along with the below details for immediate consideration
 Minimum of 3 years of related experience in a similar role that includes quality assurance for large-scale business software systems, financial institution software preferred;.  Ability to drive successful results, make decisions with limited information and adjust quickly, managing multiple priorities across different business units.  Must have excellent judgment, leadership, interpersonal and communication skills.  Must exhibit creativity and innovation.  Experience supporting applications in complex infrastructures.  Ability to make group presentations and conduct training.  Ability to deal with time constraints and changing priorities with a strong attention to detail.  Strong customer service and support focus with a history of delivering a high quality service
 The Scrum Master at Nuance Healthcare is a servant-leader responsible for the divisions most sacred unit: The Scrum Team.  The Scrum Master ultimately ensures that the Scrum Team understands and employs scrum, as defined by the Scrum Guide.  Education: Bachelor's degree.  Experience: 12+.  Required Skills:.  Agile certification is a plus, but experience is more important.  Experience.  Excellent team player and team builder.  Ability to work with minimal supervision in a very dynamic and timeline-sensitive work environment.  Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work with diverse personality types.  Strong familiarity with modern engineering terminology, practices, and toolsets
 Bachelors degree in Administration of Justice, Criminal Justice, Law Enforcement or related field or the equivalent is required plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience.  General Dynamics experience is strongly preferred.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Administration of Justice, Criminal Justice, Law Enforcement or related field or the equivalent plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience.  Strong knowledge and experience in specialized area of expertise to include Department of Defense (DOD), Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI), and Special Access Programs (SAP) (PSD).  Excellent customer service skills and ability to prioritize, schedule and complete multiple tasks.  COMSEC experience preferred.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Excellent business acumen is needed to collaborate with all functions in the organization to deliver new products, ongoing software releases and execute end of life plans as needed.  Strong analysis and strategic thinking skills that can translate market needs and competitive analysis into product vision, strategy and execution.  Knowledge of lean startup preferred.  Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.  7-10 years of product management experience, with 4 years healthcare data analytics or similar fields ??healthcare and software combined ideal.  4-7 years experience directly managing others.  Bachelors degree in business, sciences or engineering.  2-4 years of hands on experience with BI tools, analytics and visualization technologies and solution, such as Tableau, Looker, Qlik, or Power BI.  Experience with predictive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.  2 years of experience with big data architectures, data lakes and analytics using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure and/ or Google Cloud.  Master of Business Administration (MBA) or job-related masters degree.  Pathology or Clinical Laboratory experience a plus.  Knowledge of health information management (HIM) principles, HL7, FHIR, CDA, DICOM, HIPAA, IHE, and LOINC desired.  MS Office, AHA! Product management (would be preferred)
 Required Skills:.  Must have a .  Must be a US Citizen.  Must possess an Active Top-Secret Clearance.  12 ??16 years of management experience; prior project management experience required.  Experience in detailed requirements gathering, interpretation, analysis, and validation.  Experience developing strategic plans to meet customer mission requirements.  Experience in project planning, scheduling, and preparing detailed products regarding program status and in the use of Microsoft Project.  Experience in software development, maintenance, and support, including quality assurance and life-cycle management.  Experience leading teams in the many components of project management, such as: financial management, program documentation, scheduling, deployment, customer service, quality control, and others.  Experience managing subcontractors; managing multiple, diverse, and non-traditional subcontractors is a plus.  Experience working with multiple stakeholders in the customer space and managing competing priorities.  Must demonstrate flexibility and the ability to change directions rapidly when required.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills and experience developing and delivering senior level briefs and presentations.  Desired Skills:.  Masters Degree highly preferred.  Department of Defense experience as either a senior uniformed service member, civil servant, or DoD contractor
 Expert on mass transfer modeling in separation processes across scales from microscale to pilot and commercial.  MS or BS in Chemical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related field with 6+ years of experience.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience with multiple programming languages and/ or packages (e.  Strong passion and commitment to integrate science to biologic process development.  Experience and Skills:.  Demonstrated experience in first principles model development to describe physical behavior of complex molecules or systems.  Experience with additional areas of computational modeling and simulation such as biophysical, statistical, economic, etc.  Hands-on experience with process development unit operations for biologics including high throughput experimentation using automation platforms such as TECAN.  Experience using and/ or programming processes control systems such as DeltaV and PCS 7.  Experience with data communication, storage platforms, and visualization such as PI, Spotfire, Snowflake, PowerBI, etc.  Experience with multivariate data analysis, machine learning, artificial intelligence and Industry 4.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific
 Excellent business acumen is needed to collaborate with all functions in the organization to deliver new products, ongoing software releases and execute end of life plans as needed.  Strong analysis and strategic thinking skills that can translate market needs and competitive analysis into product vision, strategy and execution.  Knowledge of lean startup preferred.  Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.  7-10 years of product management experience, with 4 years healthcare data analytics or similar fields ??healthcare and software combined ideal.  4-7 years experience directly managing others.  Bachelors degree in business, sciences or engineering.  2-4 years of hands on experience with BI tools, analytics and visualization technologies and solution, such as Tableau, Looker, Qlik, or Power BI.  Experience with predictive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.  2 years of experience with big data architectures, data lakes and analytics using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure and/ or Google Cloud.  Master of Business Administration (MBA) or job-related masters degree.  Pathology or Clinical Laboratory experience a plus.  Knowledge of health information management (HIM) principles, HL7, FHIR, CDA, DICOM, HIPAA, IHE, and LOINC desired.  MS Office, AHA! Product management (would be preferred)
 Individuals will also possess strong leadership and interpersonal skills and have experience managing and evolving professional services consulting practices.  Minimum 10 years of experience in the Services or a related area.  5+ years of experience managing large and distributed team.  Skills in Java and SQL.  Knowledge of XML, understanding of REST principles, and REST and SOAP APIs.  Experience leading and managing engagements and implementations.  Ability to build relationships with customers at C, VP and Director levels.  Ability to convert high-level vision into an execution plan for the teams to effectively deliver on it.  Must be a self-starter and extremely organized with your space and time.  Experience with Data Integration and understanding of the Data integration space is strongly preferred.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related area
 Bachelors degree or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electronic Engineering, or a related field and eight (8) years of progressively responsible experience in job offered or related occupation: analyzing business requirements in the financial services industry; working with offshore and onsite teams on software development projects; utilizing user interface and database development; utilizing Angular JS, HTML, CSS, ASP. NET, WebApi, and C#; utilizing SQL Server tools including Transact SQL, Stored Procs, Functions, User Defined Functions; participating in TeamCity build process using technologies including MS Build for 
Skills and .  Knowledge Desired: -BS or MS in Computer Science or related.  Experience in Java, SQL databases and JavaScript.  Expertise in Web Services.  Experience:Multithreading: 6 years (Required)NoSQL/ MongoDB/ Cassandra: 6 years (Required)Spring boot: 6 years (Required)Java: 6 years (Preferred)Python: 6 years (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
Work with a team of engineers and help meet tight deadlinesRequirementsA degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 5-7 years of experience building web applicationsPrior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineerSolid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAXSkilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/ Hadoop/ Hive/ HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. PlusesHands-on experience with Python, Java or AI AlgorithmsContribution to open-source projectsCompensationCompetitive salary, based on the experienceStock optionsPaid vacationJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $100,000.  Experience:Software Development: 7 years (Required)PHP: 5 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits:Paid time offThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAdaptable/ flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAutonomous/ Independent -- enjoys working with little directionHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeDetail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedSchedule:Monday to Friday
 Collaborate with customers and partners to understand user requirements and design features to enable rich search experiences.  4+ years of experience in distributed systems and agile development environment.  Excellent communications and cross-group collaboration skills which facilitate interactions across.  4+ years of C++/ C#/ Java software engineering and product development experience.  A BS in Computer Science or related engineering field.  MS degree preferred
 We are looking for an operational fanatic with strong Cloud/ SaaS Support experience who is a tireless advocate for exceeding customer expectations.  Develop and drive key performance indicators that deliver the best customer experience and productivity.  15+ years Customer Support or related Operational leadership experience.  7+ years experience leading 50+ person organizations in a high-growth SaaS/ Cloud environment.  10+ years experience translating takeaways from the Support function into actions that help improve product functionality, positively impacting renewals and sales.  Experience working with Artificial Intelligence solutions preferred.  Retail and/ or CPG industry experience a preferred.  Experience implementing and driving .  Strong executive presence, influencing skills, presentation skills and business insight.  Strong Enterprise customer experience with the ability to communicate effectively with customers at the executive level.  Ability to advocate on behalf of customers with a proactive approach, anticipate needs and leverage resources from across the company as needed.  Extensive experience hiring, managing, and developing employees.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, reactive, changing, and results oriented atmosphere.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or business or equivalent experience.  Familiarity with Finance models as applied to software industry.  Process reengineering experience a plus
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of industry experience.  Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.  Experience in design.  Experience with tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, C/ C++, Objective C, Python, JavaScript) and open-source technologies (Linux, Spring, JQuery, etc).  Creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems.  MS in Computer Science or equivalent.  Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Development experience defining, developing and maintaining REST based interfacesExcellence in technical communication with peers and non-technical cohorts.  Experience building developer facing products and services.  Experience building frameworks for creating applications on various platforms.  Experience with speech and language understanding systems.  Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
 In essence, we listen to our users as well as pay attention to and design for their lived experience of mental health problems.  Master's or PhD-level education in the field of psychology, epidemiology, statistics, public health or related field.  Expertise in multiple academic and/ or commercial patient-reported outcomes development projects.  3+ years of experience in human clinical research; demonstrated experience in research design, data collection, managing data sets, qualitative data analysis, and psychometrics.  Experience working directly with commercial and/ or academic sponsors in identifying and conceptualizing patient reported outcome projects.  Industry experience in pharmaceutical outcomes research, epidemiology, HEOR, or data informatics a plus.  Experience in running clinical trials w/ in a wide variety of healthcare ecosystems: payers, universities, in collaboration with pharma, etc.  Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience.  Strong work ethic: Work hard to get the job done
 Architecture Design and Solution Implementation: We design and implement creative architecture solutions for our clients enterprise end-end digital needs including helping modernize legacy technology by leveraging modern web, mobile, cloud, social computing, search, eCommerce, Internet of Things, Microservices, DevOps, Content Management, Artificial Intelligence, Blockchain and other emerging technologies to create best possible customer, employee, supply chain and partner platforms and experiences with strong emphasis on all layers of architecture (strategy, organization, capabilities, processes, data, applications and underlying technology infrastructure).  Specially focus on exceptional experience, scale, security and value extraction from suggested technology sets.  A bachelor's degree with approximately 5+ years of related work experience in an architecture or related discipline; or a graduate degree and 3+ or more years of related work experience, or 10 or more years of overall related work experience.  Three plus years of experience in least two of the following areas:.  Large scale experience with non-traditional databases and app frameworks (e.  Experience working with product suites e.  Experience supporting one full-lifecycle project ??from analysis of business and technology requirements to design and build scalable enterprise application architectures and recommend courses of action to ensure technology is consistent, usable, secure and adds value to clients businesses.  Solution architecture experience with focus on technology architecture, information architecture, data architecture, application architecture, security architecture, and integration architecture.  Ability to use architecture frameworks, patterns and best practices, technology vision, opportunities and challenges, in addition to exploring emerging technologies and innovations.  Hands-on programming experience in various development platforms.  Experience participating in governance processes e.  A strong understanding of DevOps principles with experience in each of the DevOps areas of practice (Source Control ??TFS, GIT, GitHub, CI ??MSBuild, Test/ Automated Test- XUnit.  Strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating enterprise business processes with technology skills.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to build and maintain relationships with clients and various stakeholders.  Ability to work individually with minimal supervision.  Experience learning and implementing technologies from a broad spectrum, including working familiarity from one or more technologies like cloud development, AI, blockchain, and Internet of Things (IOT) technologies.  Experience in similar consulting firms and demonstrated track record of providing consulting services to organizations.  Experience with systems integration (including delivering projects related to COTS, custom, ERP, CRM solutions etc.  Well qualified candidates with experience in client serving roles with professional services organizations.  Proven ability to work under pressure and tight deadlines.  Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training.  So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime
 Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Engineering Physics, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, or Software Engineering, or similar fieldAt least 5 years of professional experience or advanced degreeUnderstand the breadth of autonomous systems across different domains (DoD, Services, Intelligence Community, DHS, Industry and Academia).  Experience in robotics-relevant fields, such as computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, planning, human machine teaming, and multi-robot systems.  Ability to articulate autonomy-specific challenges (in perception, reasoning, behaviors, collaborations), discuss critical issues, and identify gaps.  Familiarity with the state of the art in the field.  Knowledge of the challenges of developing autonomous and AI systems that are robust in real world scenarios.  Must be a US citizen able to obtain and maintain a US government clearance **.  Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word.  Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills.  Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with the ability to foster relationship development with sponsors.  Advanced degree in technical field of studyU.  Experience developing machine learning solutions with modern toolchains, e.  Experience with robotics software and frameworks, e.  Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as C++ and python
 Development considerations include user experience, productivity, client requirements and system performance.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities).  Bachelors degree or equivalent experience. NET MVC experience or experience with other MVC frameworks required.  Experience with Agile development processes highly recommended.  Experience with modern web frameworks (React, Angular, Vue, JQuery, etc) a plus.  Experience with AWS services and technologies a plus.  Experience with NoSQL database systems a plus.  Experience with ETL processes a plus
 Expert in Protein crystallography.  Education Minimum Requirement: MS Degree with 3+ years of experience or a PhD in chemical engineering, biological sciences, microbiology, structural biology or related field.  Experience and Skills:.  Proven ability to design and execute protein purification experiments independently.  Experience with aseptic technique, protein biophysical properties, and general protein laboratory practices.  Experience with statistical data analysis tools such as design of experiment and multivariate data analysis.  Strong passion and commitment to integrate science to biologic process development.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience with x-ray crystallographic and structural biology experimentation.  Experience with high throughput experimentation using automation platforms such as TECAN.  Experience with multivariate data analysis, machine learning, artificial intelligence would be welcomed skillsets.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific
 Bachelors degree in one of the following areas: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering.  Experience: 10+ Years.  Proven knowledge in Agile/ Scrum development.  Extensive experience in C++ and Java web-service development.  Experience in Apache Tomcat, WebLogic and SQL.  Experience with VMwares vSphere, vCloud and vCenter applications.  Hands on experience with JIRA/ GIT in software development.  Experience with front-end web development and HTML/ CSS.  JSON/ JWT development experience.  Ability to work in a highly unstructured, independent problem solving focused, results driven environment.  Ability to interface with customer, gather requirements and mentor peers/ junior development teammates.  Experience/ Certifications:.  Masters degree in one of the following areas: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering.  Experience in Java restful web-service development.  Proven experience with hands on development in a Unix/ Linux environment.  Experience with VMwares Java SDK.  Experience with Nginx and Apache web servers.  Experience executing HP Fortify scans
 You Have:5+ years of experience with financial analysis, data management, and reporting activities.  Experience with Microsoft Office, including Excel, and Access and Visual Basic for Applications (VBA).  Experience with data analysis tools, including Tableau, Qlik, or PowerBI.  Experience with common programming languages, including Python, SQL, and R.  Ability to work within a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.  Ability to multi-task and meet deliverable deadlines.  Ability to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree.  Experience with government contracting and federal program operations.  Ability to work in the Washington Metro areaPossession of excellent oral and written communication skills
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where you will feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Proven technical expertise with the following:.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  10+ years of Java experience.  3+ years of Spring framework experience such as Spring Boot.  3+ years of experience with secure DevOps and deployment automation to cloud environments.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  3+ years of experience with Cloud technologies.  Python experience.  Agile experience.  Experience troubleshooting environments across the entire architecture (i.  Experience integrating Wells Fargo enterprise systems with vendor platforms and technologies.  Strong knowledge of technology with emphasis on the following: development operations, Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC), (including quality assurance, problem and incident management, configuration management, application infrastructure services (e.  Ability to take an active role in the education, mentoring and training of less experienced team members.  Ability to consult at the highest technical level on design: planning, integration, implementation, scalability, and problem definition.  Ability to exercise independent judgment and creative problem solving techniques.  Experience with a customer service mindset and a focus on continuous improvement.  Working knowledge of and/ or prior hands-on experience with DevOps /  CICD tools including: Jenkins, Puppet, Ansible, Git, Artifactory, Nexus, etc.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  The Platform Team delivers insightful and personalized experiences for customers and team members, drives greater operational efficiency, while reducing risk and expenses and driving revenue expansion.  We need a diverse group of people with different experience levels to support the transformation, enrichment and continued availability of assets to business and technical application teams across the enterprise.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  5+ years of Linux administration experience.  7 + years of experience troubleshooting environments across the entire architecture (i.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  4+ years of experience delivering complex enterprise wide information technology solutions.  A BS/ BA degree or higher in information technology.  Ability to identify and manage complex issues and negotiate solutions within a geographically dispersed organization.  Ability to identify root-cause issues/ improvement opportunities, and design approaches/ programs/ products to improve overall quality assurance.  Ability to interact with a diverse team.  Ability to lead projects/ initiatives with high risk and complexity.  Ability to manage to production goals, deadlines, and various metrics.  Ability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locations.  3+ years of NAS experience.  5+ years of application production support experience.  Production support experience in a financial services company.  Ability to grasp complex business issues quickly, recommend solutions, and drive for resolutions.  2 + years of experience with Elasticsearch development, integration or support.  3 + years of experience developing or supporting IT Service Management solutions.  Experience Hadoop ecosystem tools relevant for real-time and batch data ingestion, processing and provisioning using tools such as Apache Flume, Apache Kafka, Apache Sqoop, Apache Flink, Apache Hive or Apache Storm.  1+ years of experience with Big Data or Hadoop tools such as Spark, Hive, Kafka and Map.  3+ years of experience with patching methodology and configuration.  Ability to lead build out and production support of AI/ ML model design, development, exploration, training, validation and production scoring execution horizontal open-source and vendor platforms.  Experience or familiarity with Oracle SQL and with NoSQL databases such as Elasticsearch or Solr.  Experience in Fintech innovations space across various domains like Enterprise Content Management, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Automation, Cloud etc.  Troubleshooting experience with J2EE application stacks including Apache, Tomcat, Websphere, F5, REST, Oracle, Linux.  SQL query experience, Performance monitoring tools experience.  Strong knowledge of monitoring tools & their application (AppDynamics, Geneos, Splunk, NetCool etc.  Experience in leveraging automation to making applications more resilient/ available, ongoing operations more intelligent, self-healing and optimized.  Strong desire for exploring, evaluating and understanding new technologies.  Ability to connect the dots across various technology domains for a complex ecosystem (application stack, infrastructure stack, Network, NAS, DB, LDAP & integrated partner systems), across upstream architecture/ design and operational considerations to help with solutions, troubleshoot issues and guide teams.  Experience in DevOps, IT Service Management/ ITIL domain, ITSM Tools (ServiceNow, Remedy).  Ability to multi-task between various productions issues, root cause analysis, project deliverables.  Strong knowledge & attitude for usage of collaborative tools like JIRA, Confluence, SharePoint to drive collaborative dialogue across cross functional highly distributed virtual teams.  Strong organizational skills.  Experience with Business Continuity Planning and Disaster Recovery, Application Resiliency/ Highly Available Architecture, Site Resiliency.  3+ years of Docker and/ or Docker Container experience.  3+ years of Ansible or Puppet experience.  Experience with design, deployment, management or support of GPU enabled architectures.  Experience with Middleware Tools such as Tomcat, Apache, Websphere, Nginx.  Ability to travel up to 10% of the time.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women
 In essence, we listen to our users as well as pay attention to and design for their lived experience of mental health problems.  Master's or PhD-level education in the field of psychology, epidemiology, statistics, public health or related field.  Expertise in multiple academic and/ or commercial patient-reported outcomes development projects.  3+ years of experience in human clinical research; demonstrated experience in research design, data collection, managing data sets, qualitative data analysis, and psychometrics.  Experience working directly with commercial and/ or academic sponsors in identifying and conceptualizing patient reported outcome projects.  Industry experience in pharmaceutical outcomes research, epidemiology, HEOR, or data informatics a plus.  Experience in running clinical trials w/ in a wide variety of healthcare ecosystems: payers, universities, in collaboration with pharma, etc.  Empathic: Place a high value on user-experience.  Strong work ethic: Work hard to get the job done
 Strong understanding of Javascript with an interest in using Typescript.  Experience managing/ scaling SQL databases, orchestrating migrations, and disaster recovery.  Experience working with Redux and architecting large single page applications.  Experience and interest in frontend testing.  Experience with SQL databases.  Experience optimizing web traffic.  Experience with RabbitMQ (or other message broker) and Redis.  Experience constructing and monitoring ETL pipelines.  Experience with Logstash /  Elasticsearch.  Familiarity with Kubernetes and Docker.  4+ years of experience building data rich frontend web applications
 Strong understanding of Javascript with an interest in using Typescript.  Experience working with Redux and architecting large single page applications.  Experience in frontend testing.  Experience making design docs for data rich web applications.  Experience with SQL databases.  Experience optimizing web traffic.  4+ years of experience building data rich frontend web applications.  A bachelors degree (or equivalent experience) in computer science or a related field
 Technical Program Manager for the AI Engineering team should be experienced with delivering complex scalable distributed software products and services in the Cloud environment.  Must be experienced working with cross functional teams including Engineering, Product Management, UX, partner teams and stakeholders across line of businesses.  Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with technical and non-technical global, cross-functional teams.  Expert knowledge of Agile.  Hands on experience with any of the following tools: JIRA, Rally.  Masters, .  Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science, or other technical related field.  10-15 years of experience in program management in software engineering environment.  Knowledge of AI/  ML, Data Science or related certification would be a plus
 This is a fantastic opportunity to build services and experiences that millions of people worldwide will use at home, at school, at work, and across their lives.  We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  Ideal candidate has a full stack experience ranging from the web frontend to building scalable cloud services.  Familiarity with C#/ Angular/ React/ Azure/ Service Fabric/ Micro services/ Kubernetes all huge pluses.  Has prior experience leading teams to solve hard technical problems practically.  Strong passion for delivering high quality, large scale services.  Experience with unit-test, continuous integration and test driven development.  6+ years of experience in Software Development - backend services, web development, or related field.  Coding and development skills with experience in at least one of the following: C#, Java, C++.  5+ years of commercial software engineering experience.  BS or higher degree in Computer Science or related field.  Past experience with building scalable services is required
 Utilizing the markets top data specialists, validated industry knowledge and proven methodologies, Syniti has led thousands of successful data journey projects for Forbes Global 2000 organizations. NET server, MSSQL backend and HTML frontend.  Degree in Computer Science, related field or commensurate technical experience.  Strong knowledge of .  Strong understanding of object-oriented programming.  Knowledge of concurrency patterns.  Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server.  Experience with popular web application frameworks.  Experience creating database schemas that represent and support business processes.  Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests.  Ability to work closely with team while remote (video and voip calls, Slack chat).  Familiarity with AWS tools and services (e.  Knowledge of Cloud development concepts
 BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineer or related degree required, advanced degrees (MS, PhD) a plus.  You have 5+ years of meaningful industry experience and a background in high speed DRAM and/ or processor design (ie Graphics, Microprocessors, Network Processors, or Mobile /  Multimedia SOCs).  Knowledge of HBM, GDDR6, GDDR5, LPDDR4, LPDDR5, or DDR4/ DDR3 or related protocols.  You have experience with all stages in the ASIC design flow including emulation, prototyping, DFT, timing analysis, floorplanning, ECO, bringup & lab debug, and ATE test development.  Strong working knowledge of Verilog or VHDL.  Experience with high speed clocking, cache interfaces and protocols.  Familiarity with board and system level issues.  Programming skills in C and/ or PERL
 10+ years of experience with working with Java based applications.  3+ years of experience with SQL.  Previous experience working with Inbound - Outbound integrations.  Hands on experience with REST architectures.  Ability to quickly pick up new technologies, and gain an in-depth understanding of the SaaS architecture.  Knowledge of SOAP/ XML/ JMS/ JSON, basic level understanding of REST principles, and REST and SOAP APIs.  Experience with other integration technologies like Informatica, Mulesoft, etc.  Ability to juggle working independently and as part of a team.  Previous experience working with Workday APIs.  Experience working with Workday to integrate with cloud and on premise applications.  Strong experience working with HCM or Finance module on Workday
7+ years of experience developing software with C++ or Python.  Strong computer science fundamentals in design, algorithms, and data structures.  7+ years of software development experience developing behavior, planning, navigation and/ or localization solution for robots, autonomous cars or similar.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science or related field.  Knowledge of ROS, NIST NML, JAUS (SAE AS-4), or other robotic standards.  Experience building mission critical, highly available systems and operating 24x7 services.  Experience building safety-critical software
PhD degree with 4 years of applied research experience or a .  Masters degree and 6+ years of experience of applied research experience3+ years of experience of building machine learning models for business application.  Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related languageGraduate degree (preferably PhD) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Mathematics, with specialization in ML-based approaches to natural language processing or speech recognition.  Familiarity with programming languages such as C/ C++, Python, Java or Perl.  You will gain hands-on experience with Amazons heterogeneous speech, text, and structured data sources, and large-scale computing resources to accelerate advances in language understanding.  Experience in building natural language processing and/ or speech recognition systems.  Proven Machine Learning backgroundScientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field2+ years of software development experienceGood written and spoken communication skills
7+ years of experience developing behavior, navigation, planning and/ or localization solutions for robots, autonomous cars or similar7+ experience developing software in C++ or Python. Identify and initiate investigations of new technologies, prototype and test solutions for product features, and design and validate designs that deliver an exceptional user experience. 3+ years of industry experience in Robotics.  Experience with control systems, or computer vision or machine learning systems, or numerical methods
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience with data scripting languages (e.  Experience in analyzing large scale of data.  Proficiency in one of the following: Python, R, SPSS, SAS, Stata, Matlab.  Proficiency in SQL data extractionComfortable mining unstructured data, with the ability to transform data into a usable state using appropriate tools and techniques.  Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable mannerHigh levels of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information.  By asking employees quick questions every day, Connections leverages real-time information to learn more about their experiences and introduce positive changes with internal business partners around the world.  Master Degree or PhD in from Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Statistics, Math, Operations Research, Finance, or a related quantitative field.  Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationsDemonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to non-technical audiencesTrack record of innovation and strategic impact across teamsExecutive-facing verbal and written communication and data presentation skillsAdvanced SQL, data modeling, data mining (SQL, ETL, data warehousing).  Proven ability to influence change strategies with data
 Bachelors degree in Science or Engineering.  Additional 5 years of relevant work experience will be considered in place of the degree.  8+ years of relevant work experience.  Experience in hands-on development and troubleshooting on embedded targets.  3+ years of C /  C++ programming experience.  Proven experience in embedded systems design with preemptive, multitasking real-time operating systems.  Familiarity with software configuration management tools, defect tracking tools, and peer review.  Excellent knowledge of OS coding techniques, IP protocols, interfaces and hardware subsystems.  Strong documentation and writing skills
 Leadership experience with Systems Engineering and Model Based Systems Engineering.  Exceptional leadership skills including the ability to make strategic and tactical decisions.  Experience working closely with customers to identify solutions.  Experience in developing and executing strategic technology roadmaps to develop new business opportunities.  Experience working with Capture Management and Business Development to be the liaison between new customer program capture and Engineering.  Proven ability to lead teams to develop Cyber system architectures of varying complexity.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills; works with others to coordinate efforts, resolve cross-team issues and effectively communicate changes.  Demonstrated experience in leading a team to design and integrate Cyber Systems.  Demonstrated experience leading the design and integration of Key Management Systems including Electronic Key Management System (EKMS) and Key Management Infrastructure (KMI).  Experience with cloud-based computing solutions such as AWS and IC ITE.  Experience with migrating applications to Cloud environments.  Demonstrated experience in system design, integration and hardening of communication, networks and Sensor Systems.  Bachelors Degree in an engineering discipline, .  Masters degree desired.  At least 8+ years of experience in Systems Engineering/ Architect position on Cyber and / or Space programs.  Preferred Additional Skills:.  RF Design and Architecture experience is a plus.  Experience with emerging 5G technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Modeling/ Simulation is a plus
 The System Design & Performance (SD&P) Directorate is responsible for Signal Processing (SP), Systems Design (SD), Guidance, Navigation and Control (GNC), and Modeling, Simulation and Analysis (MSA) for RMD's broad portfolio of projects, programs and products.  Experience & Skills:.  Bachelors Degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Optical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math or related STEM degree.  Ten (10) years of applied work experience in the following areas (.  Masters with 8 years of experience, or Ph.  with 6 years of experience):.  Experience in radar and/ or EO/ IR sensor signal processing algorithm and model development and analysis.  Experience using tools such as MATLAB or Python for analysis of data sets.  Experience using UNIX/ Linux based workstations.  Experience with running and modifying simulations and performing analysis.  Experience developing and presenting technical briefings.  Four (4) years of leadership experience managing others as a technical lead, team lead or similar lead role involving applied system engineering and analysis and interfacing with multiple engineering disciplines.  Must be willing to relocate to Tucson, AZ (comprehensive relocation package available).  Desired Education, Skills and .  Experience:.  Advanced Degree in Electrical Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, Optical Engineering, Computer Science, Physics, Math or related STEM degree.  Experience with missile components and systems.  Experience with hardware/ software integration.  Ability to work well in teams and independently.  Course work or experience in some of the following fields: radar & image signal processing, digital communications, probability and statistics, linear algebra, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and signals & systems.  Experience in autonomous and collaborative systems
 We are looking for an experienced HR professional seeking an opportunity to have global impact and drive substantive business value for a critical business.  Ability to apply systems thinking as you work across both Mixed Reality, the C+AI (Cloud and Artificial Intelligence Org) and the other Engineering Organizations across Microsoft.  Ability to think independently and creatively on people solutions that will help the business achieve their business goals.  Ability to synthesize and analyze data for purposes of molding, framing and communicating such data in the form of a business case or story, that can then be used to influence and aid business leaders in making decisions.  Ability to recognize trends and identify systemic approaches to solving problems to have high organizational impact.  Ability to use experience and judgment to make decisions that may be based on partial information.  Ability to be highly empathetic and experience dealing with ambiguity, change, and complex environments.  Proven capability to partner with, and coach senior leaders and managers to facilitate organizational and cultural change.  Ability to create and lead the implementation of core HR priorities into the business ensuring an effective, sustainable people strategy over the short and long term.  Ability to create, design and implement HR strategies/ tools in alignment with both business and HR functional objectives to drive and achieve greater business impact.  9+ years of work experience with Human Resources or related processes (e. , hiring, training, performance management) OR 7+ years of work experience with Human Resources or related processes (e. , hiring, training, performance management) with Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business or related field.  BS/ BA degree.  Master's degree in Human Resources, Business or related field.  3+ years of experience partnering with a wide network of clients and across Human Resources to deliver effective business solutions
 NVIDIA is seeking experienced ASIC Verification Engineers to verify the design and implementation of the worlds leading SoC's and GPU's.  Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science with 5+ years of meaningful ASIC verification, Firmware Development, or System Level Diagnostics experience or MS with 3+ years of exp.  Experience with System Verilog, SystemC/ C++.  Exposure to design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Strong interpersonal and remote collaboration skills and ability & desire to work as a phenomenal teammate are huge plus.  Experience with full chip or system level verification is highly desirable.  Familiarity with portable stimulus methodology.  Familiarity with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies
 Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent work experience.  6+ years of experience in processor or other related high performance semiconductor designs
WalkMe pioneered the Digital Adoption Platform (DAP) to transform the user experience in todays overwhelming digital world.  You have experience with global teams and working across locations and cultures
 You have a MS or PhD degree in computer or electrical engineering or equivalent work experience.  At least 10+ years of architecture and/ or software development experience, mapping applications to complex SoC hardware.  Excellent analytical, written, and verbal interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a global team
 Experience in modern development projects that embrace a DevOps culture, prioritize security, and deploy to cloud environments (e.  Experience working with complex data, and ideally integrating analytics into applicationsArchitecture mindset, including strategies to integrate with other servicesBias toward automation (dev tools, CI, ops, etc.  for mid-level, 5 years of relevant experiencefor senior-level, 7+ years of relevant experience
 Masters Degree + 3 years experience OR .  Bachelors Degree + 5 years experience inComputer Science,Data Analytics or related quantitative field.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using Python, R or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, deep learning etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to higher-level business insights and key takeaways.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components.  PhD Degree inComputer Science,Data Analytics or related quantitative field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specificallyPySpark, Scala, or Microsoft Azure.  Industrial experience in building and implementing end-to-end data science solutions.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting.  Experience with clinical claims Episode Treatment Groupers.  Consumers expect more personalized and holistic experiences from their health partners.  Humanas Enterprise Clinical Operating Model (ECOM), is a multi-year strategy with the goal of improving member experiences and health outcomes through better integrating Humana's processes, technology and clinical capabilities
 Bachelors degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors in software engineering or a related technical field and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Expert at applying technical standards and methodologies to resolve issues in creative ways and help company meet financial and business objectives.  Excellent communication skills.  Ability to effectively handle complex assignments.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 MS or PhD degree in computer or electrical engineering with at least 8 years of architecture, design and/ or verification experience.  Excellent analytical, written, and verbal interpersonal skills and ability to work as part of a team.  Automotive Functional Safety expertise, working experience with ISO26262 standard.  System C or C++ development skills, or relevant programming experience
 Domain expertise in Customer Support & Customer Enablement is key, along with deep familiarity with the systems, tools & processes that must be considered when building for global scale.  This person will have proven experience in high growth software as a service companies and demonstrable experience in having built it before.  Drive excellence within all support functions ensuring a consistent and effortless experience for our customers.  Develop a proficiency in the product capabilities, and sales process best practices.  5-7+ years of program management experience with demonstrable experience implementing support systems and programs.  Proven record of ensuring customer satisfaction throughout entire lifecycle with specific focus on increasing satisfaction of support experience and customers ability to self-serve.  Experience in building programs across support and customer success motions, from self-service /  scale efforts to enterprise offerings.  Experience in building programs that improve data insights to make product decision.  Ability to lead through influence and built trust across Success and other stakeholders such as Product and Engineering.  Project management expertise with a proven ability to deliver on time and on budget.  Ability to understand deep technical aspects of a product and educate others using simplified explanations.  Ability to maintain a positive attitude and calm demeanor, especially in escalated circumstances.  Proven self-starter and able to come up to speed on complex, difficult concepts with minimal assistance.  Experience with enterprise SaaS applications, custom development, and consulting.  Ability to break down ambiguous problems into concrete, manageable components and think through optimal solutions Enjoys getting their hands dirty by digging into complex operations.  Strong listening skills; open to input from other team members and departments.  Ability to lead through influence.  Experience with the technologies we use, including Zendesk, Tableau, Jira/ Confluence, and Salesforce.  Familiar with general project processes and tools; Confluence, Airtable/ Smartsheet, GSuite and/ or MSFT Office
 Redhorse Corporation (Redhorse) is seeking an experienced Senior Business Analyst for an agile software development services project in support of a U.  Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, .  Experience, and Credentials include:.  Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.  Minimum 10+ years of relevant work experience in agile/ scrum software development settings.  Ability to obtain and maintain a DHS Suitability clearance.  Experience as a scrum master in a software development setting.  Experience identifying, collecting and documenting requirements, writing accurate epics and concise user stories.  Experience coordinating activities to scope and schedule work and providing accurate work estimates for the deployment of new features.  Experience developing and validating acceptance criteria.  Strong written and oral communications skills.  Experience with Jira, Confluence, Visio, and MS Project.  Experience with Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) to present concepts, ideas, and results to team members and clients
 4 Year /  Bachelor's Degree; Cybersecurity, Computer Science, Information Technology or a related discipline.  5+ years of security assessment or audit experience.  Strong Information Security Background with relevant domain and tool knowledge.  Ability to communicate effectively across functional areas.  Ability to work in a highly matrixed environment.  Knowledge of regulatory standards including HIPAA, GDPR, HITRUST and similar
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Proven Technical .  Expertise with one or more of the following:.  Experience in one or more of the following areas is desired:.  3+ years of Incident Management System experience.  5+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R.  12+ years of application development and implementation experience.  5+ years of management experience in technology.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  2+ years of Configuration Management Tools experience.  Experience with Agile Scrum (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospective meetings) and Kanban.  3+ years of experience with Cloud technologies.  Ability to interact with all levels of an organization.  Management experience including large/ multiple application development efforts within a small-to-medium size line of business.  Experience with system administration across multiple platforms.  Experience with Observability/ Monitoring technologies: DataDog, Elastic Stack/ ELK, Grafana, Prometheus, Kafka, Cloudwatch.  Experience with Container technologies: Kubernetes, Docker, PKS.  Experience with one or more Technology Platforms (Cloud, o/ s, etc.  Experience with one or more CI/ CD and Automation tools: Jenkins, Gitlab, SonarQube, Artifactory, Ansible, Puppet, Apigee.  Experience with one or more Testing tools/ concepts: Gremlin, Chaos Monkey, Selenium, jmeter, Blazemeter, Performance Center, Quality Center/ ALM, DevTest.  Ability to travel up to 15% of the time.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women
RequirementsRequired QualificationsMaster's degree and minimum 15 years of overall experience or equivalent blend of education and experience. Minimum of 4 years of Azure cloud hands-on experienceMinimum of 5 years of solid hands on Active Directory architecting, engineering, and management experience, including Azure AD.  Strong PowerShell skills.  Must have experience with DevOps concept, toolchain, and Azure solutions.  Must be experienced in the following Azure cloud service areas: cloud readiness assessment and migration strategy development and migration planning, cloud migration, identity and access management, cloud billing and metering, cloud monitoring, cloud backup/ recovery and DR/ COOP, Azure cloud database, Azure Data Analytics, Azure Artificial Intelligence, Azure Automation, files/ storage, networking, and security solutions for Azure.  Experienced with Identity and Access Management solutions for hybrid cloud environment involving AzureUS citizenshipDesired Qualifications.  Experience with container technology, AWS, Jira/ Confluence/ BitBucket/ Bamboo, Terraform, Ansible, Consul, Kubernetes, Cloud Foundry. DoD Secret clearancePMP certificationCISSP or CCSP (Certified Cloud Security Professional) certificationAbout UnisysDo you have what it takes to be mission critical?Your skills and experience could be mission critical for our Unisys team supporting the Federal Government in their mission to protect and defend our nation, and transform the way government agencies manage information and improve responsiveness to their customers.  As a member of our diverse team, youll gain valuable career-enhancing experience as we support the design, development, testing, implementation, training, and maintenance of our federal governments critical systems
 Chase is on a mission to deliver a customer-obsessed experience by improving clock speed and providing first class customer interactions.  In order to achieve this mission it aims to be an AI fueled organization focused on improving and simplifying the experience of our customers and employees.  The role is a unique opportunity for an experienced, well rounded and versatile practitioner in analytics.  Qualifications and Required Skills:.  4+ years of industry hands on experience in leveraging advanced data science (including ML) and business analytics to solve business problems.  Bachelors degree in relevant quantitative field required, advanced degree preferred in analytical field (e.  Expert knowledge in quantitative methods for business, advanced data science and ML.  Familiarity with Agile, experience with Agile is a plus.  Experience in practical data processing working with Large scale datasets and Big Data environment, data mining, text mining and information retrieval.  Experience across broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (e.  Proficiency in SQL and Python or R required.  Ability to work in large and medium sized project teams, as self-directed contributor with a proven track record of being detail orientated, innovative, creative, and strategic.  Excellent communicator able to convey complex information in an understandable, compelling, and persuasive manner at all levels.  Experience of leading teams with a proven track record of being driving value for the business;.  Experience with Agile is a plus
4+ years of professional software development experience3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systemsPassion for the developer experience.  Familiarity with multiple programming languages across platforms (Java, Python, C# etc.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to contribute and work in OSS (Open Source Software) ecosystem6+ years of experience in delivering client-side SDKs, and Tools.  We heavily use open-source software systems in providing a world-class experience to our customers.  Experience delivering and operating large scale, highly available distributed systems.  Knowledge and experience with operating systems internals, database kernels, networking, distributed systems and virtualization are a plus.  Experience with large-scale distributed database systems, storage farms, and/ or horizontally scaled request processing fleets
Master's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, Mathematics, or related field with 5+ years industry experience5+ experience building natural language processing systems5+ experience with underlying ML techniques and algorithms developmentFamiliar with programming languages such as C/ C++, Java, Perl or Python.  PhD degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Mathematics with specialization in natural language processing or machine learning8+ yrs.  experience in building natural language processing systems (e.  commercial speech products or government speech projects)Solid Machine Learning background and familiar with standard machine learning techniquesScientific thinking and the ability to invent, a track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the fieldSolid software development experienceGood written and spoken communication skills
 Expert experience in Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Hive, and Presto.  Expert experience in DynamoDB or NoSQL technologies like MongoDB or Cassandra.  Expert experience with System Administration with Linux (RHEL/ CentOS) including Microsoft ActiveDirectory, and LDAP integration.  Experience with troubleshooting Kerberos Authentication problems.  Expert experience with Networking and troubleshooting (TCP/ IP, DNS, routing, switching, firewalls, LAN/ WAN, traceroute, iperf, dig, cURL or related)Good understanding of Machine Learning and statistics.  Experience with Java and/ or Python and shell scripting.  Bachelors degree in Information Science /  Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field OR equivalent experience in a technical position OR equivalent military experience6+ years of professional experience. Leverage your extensive customer support experience to provide feedback to internal AWS teams on how to improve our services. Drive projects that improve support-related processes and our customers technical support experience.  Expert experience in the Hadoop Ecosystem including Apache Spark and Presto.  Expert experience in NoSQL.  Expert experience with blockchain technologies like Etherium.  Expert experience in data Data Lake architecture and administration.  Experience managing full application stacks from the OS up through custom applicationsPrior work experience with AWS - any or all of EC2, VPC, S3, RDS, EMR, Glue, SageMaker.  Excellent knowledge of Hadoop architecture, administration and support.  Expert understanding of distributed computing principles and their application in the cloudGood understanding of distributed computing environmentsLead technical discussions on big data systems architecture and design.  Strong analysis and troubleshooting skills and experienceAWS Certified Solutions ArchitectAWS certified Big Data Specialty.  Masters degree in Information Science /  Information Technology, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or a related field OR equivalent experience in a technical position
 We are seeking an experienced Senior Staff Backend Engineer to help lead the development, deployment and management of our web services and related infrastructure to join our engineering team.  BS/ MS in Computer Science (or EE/ CS) from a top school or program, or have substantial production server experience (or equivalent).  At least 5+ years of experience in developing/ architecting large scale systems.  Strong proficiency in using open source platforms such as Django, MySQL, and MongoDB and the ability to build business logic in Python/ Django APIs.  Strong ability to write and debug code that is reusable, testable and efficient.  Ability to communicate effectively with peers in design, product management, technology, and engineering to respond to requirements and diagnose problems
 Demonstrated visual designs into user flows, wireframes, mockups, and prototypes that lead to intuitive user experiences.  Ability to multitask and manage multiple simultaneous high priorities a must.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Graphic Design, or Visual Communications.  10 years of experience in the Information Technology field focusing on engineering projects with specific Business and UX Design.  6 years of experience with architecture & design and providing UX Design for enterprise applications.  Experience with large scale, high-performance enterprise application deployment and UX Design on complex heterogeneous environments.  Experience transforming large, government programs to the cloud.  Knowledge of management/ tracking utilities such as JIRA/ Confluence.  Experience working in a SAFe Agile environment
 or other advanced graduate or professional degree in the area of Systems Biology, Microbiology, Biochemistry, Cell / Molecular Biology, or equivalent, with relevant experience in precision medicine from biotech/  health-tech or pharmaceutical industry.  5 years preferred experience applying sophisticated systems biology data analysis techniques to large datasets with different types of omics data.  Strong problem-solving skills combined with biological intuition and deep knowledge of human and microbial biology across multiple health and disease areas, with ability to apply it quickly and creatively in novel contexts.  2-3 years of industry experience in a start-up environment preferred.  2+ years of management experience in an industry setting is a plus.  Seniority (and exact job title) will be determined based on the candidate's experience
 7+ years of experience in software development using Open Source technology,.  2+ years of experience in the Information Technology field focusing on development projects using DevSecOps.  Experience with automation and engineering tasks, AI/ ML implementation, data, infrastructure/ operations, and security engineer tasks in cloud environments a plus.  Knowledge of or working experience with CI/ CD pipelines; including technologies such as Docker, Jenkins, Github, and others.  Experience transforming large, government programs to the cloud.  Experience working in an Agile environment
 Using AppDynamics, youll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver detailed customer experiences at scale.  Ability to lead change in a fast-growing organization and project manage critical company initiatives.  Present comfortably to internal and external audience Preferred Skills:.  3-5 years of Pricing, Sales Ops or Channel Program experience within the Software industry.  Strong business discernment, proficient Excel skills.  Experience supporting one or more lines of business.  Experience with analytical tools such as SQL, Tableau.  Annual professional development fund to build your skills in product, leadership and technical topics
 A great candidate for this role will have passion for the EDU space and the creativity to invent new, disruptive technology and experiences while finding solutions to complex problems.  Engineering or Industrial Design degree or significant industry experience.  5+ years of experience developing projects that intersect hardware and software.  Recent experience working with IoT devices and various operating systems: Windows, Linux, Raspbian, mbed, ARM, etc.  Experience with Raspberry Pi and/ or Linux based IoT devices.  Development experience with C/ C++, RESTful APIs, CLI, JavaScript, Python, Node.  Experience with Azure IoT Hub, IoT Central, Azure Edge Runtime, Edge Modules.  Excellent communication and documentation skills.  Strong team player with the ability to collaborate and communicate with complex matrixed teams across the globe.  Excellent organization and documentation skills.  Additional Skills.  Artificial intelligence concepts and/ or experience.  Familiarity with AAAIs 5 Big Ideas
 Proven track record of growing and guiding a development organization through learning, solving complex problems, and mentorship.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results via cross-functional partnerships and leadership skills.  Experience with large scale data processing using MapReduce/ Hadoop/ Spark and creating dashboards using Tableau.  5+ years of industry experience building and directing a team of high-performing software and data engineers.  This position requires a leader who possesses strong technical skills in machine learning and big data, and a team player who can cross organizational boundaries and thrives in finding insights in ambiguity.  Experience.  Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related field
 5+ years of experience within data science and analytics, including creating, designing, prototyping, and interpreting data visualizations for client use.  2+ years of experience with contributing to large program management projects.  2+ years of experience with database management operations, including data and metadata repository management and database access and management.  Experience with supporting federal agencies in a consulting field.  Ability to use and apply data science or data visualization tools, including R, Tableau, Power BI, and Python.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  BA or BS degree.  Experience with supporting programs and contracts in the federal government.  Ability to adapt to changing priorities, display flexibility, show initiative, and deal with ambiguous and fast-paced situations.  Ability to work in a team environment and lead diverse groups to achieve a common goal.  Ability to demonstrate proficiency in establishing advanced analysis and data visualization methodologies, models, and tools to derive intelligence outcomes and impacts.  Ability to work across the Washington, DC metropolitan area
 Expert (SME) on technologies and trends in Microservice development, event driven service architecture and application/ solution architecture.  Experience:.  10+ years of experience in software development technology.  Knowledge of API and micro-service development.  Experience with Domain driven design architecture, event driven micro-service architecture.  Previous experience with large transformational projects converting monolithic application to modern architecture.  Experience with modern technology stacks like ReactJS, Sprint Boot, Hibernate, JPA.  Experience working in Public/ Private cloud infrastructure, PCF is plus.  Knowledge of platform as a service (PAAS).  Experience designing DevOps pipeline, GIT, Bamboo and software development methodologies like Agile (Kanban/ Scrum), JIRA, Maven, Gradle, MS SQL.  Strong knowledge of security framework and controls.  Strong .  Knowledge of financial services industry.  Strong communication and leadership skills
 As required, directly manages complex contracts requiring significant management skills and experience.  Strong customer service orientation.  Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.  Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language.  Experience:.  Experience: 10 to 15 years of relevant experience.  Bachelors Degree required or equivalent related experience.  Strong communication skills
 LedgerPay also supports innovative and unique data analytics capabilities helping merchants offer rich consumer experiences through advanced insights.  Experience:.  Computer Science Degree or 15 years of equivalent industry experience.  7+ years experience in infrastructure support, design and or implementation of Microsoft or similar technologies.  7+ years experience in networking support, design and or implementation of on premises network hardware including routers, switches and firewalls.  7+ years experience in Linux server deployment and administration.  3+ years professional experience configuring and deploying services into Azure.  Working experience with secure computing compliance, NIST 800-53 and PCI.  Experience and working knowledge with Microsoft Azure Infrastructure as a Service platform, including planning, configuration, optimization and deployment.  Proficiency in Azure identity management.  Skills:
 Expert for Penetration Testing and will provide leadership for the Penetration Testing service within the Global Security team.  Minimum years of work experience: 12+ years experience.  Deep understanding and experience of Penetration Testing principles, methodologies and tooling.  Ability to communicate effectively across functional areas.  IT Programming experience.  Team leadership experience.  Knowledge of regulatory standards ??e
 With this mission, we are looking for an experienced product manager who has a track record of defining and executing complex software deliverables across multiple teams and job roles.  5+ years relevant Software Product Management experience ideally shipping complex, multi product/ system solutions with IoT devices and SaaS components.  Experience solving complex user interaction problems with creative solutions.  You have deep experience working with engineers to balance scope, time to market, and functionality, constantly making trade-offs using qualitative, quantitative, and absent data.  Excellent problem solving skills, well-structured written and verbal communication.  You have a proven track record of delivering successful products that achieve key business outcomes.  You have real-world experience with each of the expectations listed in section entitled Your Day to Day
 Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldì¨Œ 7+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and deliveryì¨Œ Through understanding of a modern programming language such as C, C++, Java, or Pythonì¨Œ Thorough understanding of scalable computing systems, software architecture, data structures and algorithmsì¨Œ Understanding of operating system fundamentals (Linux or Windows)ì¨Œ .  Exposure to network, distributed, asynchronous and concurrent programmingì¨Œ .  Experience designing, building and delivering high quality software on timeì¨Œ Passion for technical leadership and mentoringì¨Œ Effective verbal and written communication skillsì¨Œ Effective analytical skills, with excellent problem solving abilities in the face of ambiguityì¨Œ Able to collaborate with a talented, diverse teamAmazon is an equal opportunities employer.  We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success and we make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills.  Experience:Software Development: 6 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planSigning bonusPaid time offRelocation Assistance Provided:YesSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19
 LedgerPay also supports innovative and unique data analytics capabilities helping merchants offer rich consumer experiences through advanced insights.  Experience: Computer Science Degree or 15 years of equivalent industry experience. 7+ years experience in infrastructure support, design and or implementation of Microsoft or similar technologies. 7+ years experience in networking support, design and or implementation of on premises network hardware including routers, switches and firewalls. 7+ years experience in Linux server deployment and administration. 3+ years professional experience configuring and deploying services into Azure. Working experience with secure computing compliance, NIST 800-53 and PCI.  Experience and working knowledge with Microsoft Azure Infrastructure as a Service platform, including planning, configuration, optimization and deployment.  Proficiency in Azure identity managementWorking knowledge of supporting IT infrastructure technologies such as networking, storage and security. Skills: Core networking skills, TCP IP, IPV4, IPV6, routing and switchingNetwork Hardware, Cisco or like routers and firewallsServer administration, Windows (2019) and Linux (Ubuntu, Centos)Azure Networking, Virtual Network and wide area networksDocker containers and KubernetesActive Directory and Azure Active DirectoryHardware Security Modules (HSM)\Backup and RecoveryIT Operations, NOC/ SOCAzure DevOpsKeywords: Infrastructure, payments, data center, Azure, IaaS, PaaS, Cloud, Networking, Microsoft, Active Directory, Identity management, Windows, LinuxJob Type: Full-time.  Experience:Kubernetes: 1 year (Required)Payment Card Industry: 1 year (Required)Azure: 3 years (Required)Linux: 4 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:Multiple locationsFully RemoteBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offWork from homeProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementOtherSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shiftCompany's website:www
 10 year or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture.  Financial service or Insurance industry experience.  To do what matters means giving employees the tools and opportunities they need to create innovative, industry-leading products, to discover and embrace new trends, and to strengthen the customer experience
 Ayata is looking for experienced Senior AI/ Machine Learning Software Engineerwho will develop Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) software for business applications.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing software and architecture design.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Experiences in building scalable web applications.  Experiences in developing machine learning software, data processing and working with cloud computing such as AWS.  BS or above in Computer Science.  At least 3 years experience in software development.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments is a strong plus.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
 Help to build, improve and manage the data science team, programs and data processes and leveraging your knowledge and proficiency in statistical programming tools like R, Python, SAS and/ or experience with DataRobot as well as other database tools like SQL.  Masters or PhD or equivalent work experience in Data Science, Computer Science, Math, Business Intelligence, Statistics, or other quantitative fields that provide data science foundations.  Proficiency, understanding and experience with a handful of the leading supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods such as Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forest, Gradient Boosting and Ensemble methods is required.  5+ years of hands on programming experience working with 3 or more of the following: R, Python, SAS, DataRobot and SQL.  Previous experience in Rx claims, medical claims, dental claims and healthcare industry is highly desired but candidates with equivalent work experience in other industries will also be considered.  Excellent Microsoft Office, PowerPoint and Excel skills and project management skills are required.  When you work with Cigna, youll enjoy meaningful career experiences that enrich peoples lives while working together to make the world a healthier place
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering or a Hard Science.  5+ years of experience in IT Engineering involving back-office enterprise server components and wireless network/ cloud components.  5+ years experience working with diverse OSs, e.  5+ years of hands-on Automotive Electronic Control Unit System and Software design, development and validation experience, preferably for complex systems e.  5+ years of in-depth, hands-on experience designing and executing on all layers of enterprise system components: hardware, OS, middleware, network, database and knowledge management, application layer, user interface after deliberate cost/ benefit analysis on options to meet customer requirements.  MS or PhD Degree in Engineering or a Hard Science preferred.  2+ years of experience working with safety products.  Experience.  Experience encompasses our deep expertise in software, centralized computing platforms, advanced safety systems and automated driving focusing on five areas that are transforming mobility: Safety Electronics, Infotainment, User .  Experience, Autonomous Driving and Connectivity & Security
 You are an engineer with more than seven years' mobile application experience who is passionate about creating a fantastic experience.  Work closely with our product and design teams to customize the Compass experience for the iOS platform.  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent field.  7+ years' experience developing mobile application for iOS environment.  Strong CS fundamentals (algorithms and data structures) and problem-solving skills.  Knowledge of software design patterns and iOS best practices.  Ability to collaborate across engineering and design teams.  Ability to recognize and implement modern product design.  Experience with Swift and iOS ecosystem.  Experience with CoreML, AR/ VR technologies
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  The experienced Senior Advanced Electrical Engineer will be responsible and accountable for the electrical technical planning, scheduling, cost analysis, risk analysis and successful execution of small to medium programs or the major electrical subsystems of a larger program containing substantial electrical content.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Proven, effective leadership skills to guide work groups and programs to successful completion.  Ability to travel as needed.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Apply expert software engineering skills to build Natural Language products to improve automation and improve user experiences leveraging unstructured data storage, Entity Recognition, POS Tagging, ontologies, taxonomies, data mining, information retrieval techniques, machine learning approach, distributed and cloud computing platforms.  Experience Youll Need (Required):.  MS degree or above in Computer Science, Computational linguistics, Mathematics, Physics or related STEM fields.  5+ years of Industry experience related to Unstructured Text Data and NLP (PhD work and internships will be considered if they are related to unstructured text in lieu of industry experience).  Strong understanding of mathematical concepts including but not limited to linear algebra, Advanced calculus, partial differential equations and statistics including Bayesian approaches.  Strong programming experience including understanding of concepts in data structures, algorithms, compression techniques, high performance computing, distributed computing, and various computer architecture.  Good understanding and experience with traditional data science approaches like sampling techniques, feature engineering, classification and regressions, SVM, trees, model evaluations.  Experience with developing and deploying products in production with experience in two or more of the following languages (Python, C++, Java, Scala).  Strong Unix/ Linux background and experience with at least one of the following cloud vendors like AWS, Azure, and Google.  Hands on experience with one or more of high-performance computing and distributed computing like Spark, Dask, Hadoop, CUDA distributed GPU.  Thorough understanding of deep learning architectures and hands on experience with one or more frameworks like tensorflow, pytorch, keras.  Hands on experience with libraries and tools like Spacy, NLTK, Stanford core NLP Genism, johnsnowlabs.  A PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Computational Linguistics, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Exposure to linguistic background especially language models.  Lucene, Solr, Elastic Search experience.  Experience with Kubernetes and dockers.  Experience building REST APIs for AI work and knowledge of microservices architecture.  Experience managing a team of offshore developers
 Write detailed functional specifications, that captures technical details, user experience, supportability aspects, scale and performance goals, prioritization, and scoping of any features.  5+ years of industry experience as a Program or Product Manager in one or more of the following areas: Business Applications, Cloud services, Productivity applications/ services, Analytics.  Experience driving development of SaaS products using Agile/ DevOps engineering practices.  BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud Platform.  Experience with building application experiences that delight users
 Customers experience tremendous cost savings and create.  7-10 years related experience with a software companyBS/ BA in computer science or related technical degreePrior Pre-Sales .  Experience.  Expertise in web or mobile app development , business modeling, database concepts.  Strong business acumen is a plusAvailability to travel
 Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field.  5+ years of relevant work experience.  Strong software programming skills in C/ C++.  At least one of the following skills: Linux kernel development, low-level driver or system SW debug and bring-up, prior CPU/ SOC simulator development experience.  Strong Python programming ability.  Firsthand work experience with GPU usage and modeling.  Strong understanding of SoC and processor architectures
 Masters or Ph.  8 - 12 years of relevant work or research experience in performance analysis and compiler optimizations.  Ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort.  Excellent C/ C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.  Knowledge of CPU and/ or GPU architecture.  CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required.  Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: XLA, TVM, MLIR, LLVM, deep learning models and algorithms, and deep learning framework design.  Strong interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product-oriented team
 Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent experience.  6+ years of experience in processor or other related high performance semiconductor designs.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required along with the work in a dynamic, global team
 Keep up to date on security risks and develop solutions without impacting customer experience.  10+ years of experience working in server security.  Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related fields.  MS/ PhD in Computer Science or equivalent experience preferred.  Experience with Secure Software Development Process.  Hands on experience in solving security issues that span software and hardware.  Excellent communication skills and working in a cross functional environment.  Familiarity with processor architectures such as x86, ARM, RISC-V.  Hands on experience with Secure boot, Data at Rest Encryption (DaRE), HW accelerated cryptography.  Experience with FIPS 140-2 compliance.  Experience with cloud security
 7+ years of experience with the ArcGIS platform using editing tools, performing spatial analysis, and creating geodatabases.  5+ years of relevant experience in the public safety industry.  Relevant experience using current GIS technology and leveraging the full ArcGIS enterprise suite of tools to demonstrate Esris patterns of use.  Demonstrated experience in technical consulting and conceptual solution design as well as an understanding of sales and business development processes.  Experience with geodatabases and underlying DBMS technology such as SQL Server or Oracle.  Knowledge of cloud computing concepts and environments as well as on-premises solutions.  Experience integrating software solutions with other business systems including data warehousing, BI, CRM, ERP, and analytics platforms.  Ability to travel domestically or internationally 25-50%.  Familiarity with how mobile technologies are integrated to support first responders or national security.  Proven ability to work under pressure in support of first responders, federal law enforcement, or national security operations.  Ability to troubleshoot client issues related to Esri application deployment and system architecture.  Experience incorporating real-time information streams with existing GIS data and IT infrastructure.  Some programming and scripting experience with Python, JavaScript, .  Experience with ArcGIS Enterprise web applications or other web application development
 With the proven ability to deliver these solutions, ZT Systems is well positioned as the design, manufacturing and logistics partner of choice for hyperscale compute and storage customers.  Our team consists of experienced, motivated, and self-sufficient high performers.  BS in Accounting, MBA preferred.  Previous experience working for a large manufacturing organization with sales greater than $200M.  7-9 years of experience ??preferably a mix of Big 4 public accounting and manufacturing /  cost accounting.  2+ years Big Four experience preferred.  3+ years of SAP experience preferred.  Strong GAAP, general ledger and consolidations knowledge and written/ oral communication skills.  Must be self-motivated, highly detailed and organized.  Must have advanced Excel skills (e.  Strong time management skills and ability to adhere to tight deadlines.  Must have the ability to work independently and in a team environment, multi-task, set own priorities and adapt to a changing environment.  Ability to respond to internal requests for support and assistance in a prompt and professional manner.  Ability to work in a confidential manner due to access to sensitive information.  Must have strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/ or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off
 Proven track record of growing and guiding a development organization through learning, solving complex problems, and mentorship.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results via cross-functional partnerships and leadership skills.  Experience with large scale data processing using MapReduce/ Hadoop/ Spark and creating dashboards using Tableau.  5+ years of industry experience building and directing a team of high-performing software and data engineers.  This position requires a leader who possesses strong technical skills in machine learning and big data, and a team player who can cross organizational boundaries and thrives in finding insights in ambiguity.  Experience.  Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related field
 Youll leverage your Techno/ Functional SME experience as a Senior Solutions Architect on a consulting team responsible for providing engineering support and implementation services for a leading federal agencys IT modernization efforts.  As a subject matter expert, youll leverage relevant application architecture experience, keeping your skills sharp and support other team members in gaining knowledge and trust in a well-defined architectural road map.  Significant experience in solutioning, architecting, designing, migrating and operating an application environment.  Significant experience in providing system architecture and application architecture recommendations.  Experience with Cloud, Virtualized environments including both internal and external solutions, PaaS, IaaS, SaaS.  Experience with and/ or in-depth knowledge of more than one Cloud platform (AWS, Azure, Google, etc.  Excellent leadership, interpersonal, presentation and communication (written and oral) skills, and able to articulate ideas concisely.  Experience providing technical leadership and capabilities for proposal pursuits, white papers, presentations and other key initiatives.  Experience building effective working relationships at all levels and managing/ mentoring teams to success.  Desired Skills??  Certified Scrum Master (CSM) or SAFe Certification.  Experience with development methodologies including Agile, Waterfall and Devops.  Experience: 15+ years of experience in IT infrastructure and enterprise level architectural engineering.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.  Ability to obtain and maintain a Federal Public Trust Clearance/ Suitability, including a U.  Must have lived in the U
 Experience in the following areas is required:.  Knowledge (and experience if possible) of 3GPP standards .  Experience in Telecommunications or IT industries not less than 5 years.  Experience in two or more of the following areas is required: Cloud Development, MME development experience, AMF development experience or RNC development experience.  Experience with the 3GPP (Gn, Gr, SV, N22, nNRF ?? standards .  Knowledge of modern telecommunications protocols and technologies in UNIX Operating System, GSM, CDMA, UMTS, IP networks and SQL.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proven aptitude for methodical problem solving, good communication skills, strong attention to detail, and ability to work well in a close-knit team Prior experience in networking is a plus.  MSCS/ EE/ ECE degree.  Required: Candidates shall have completed their bachelors/ masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or Information Technology (with focus Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning),.  Skills:.  Python, C++/ C, proven practice/ application of Deep Learning Algorithms (LSTM, Arima, MLPP, Reinforcement Learning, Recurring Neural Networks)
 The Senior Scientist, Central Data Science - Data Analytics Platform role represents strong experience and expertise in data science and data analytics engineering practices.  Familiarity with many technologies, hands-on data engineering, data modelling, data science concepts and processes with a particular focus on their capabilities and limitations; in-depth knowledge of all areas of data management and data modelling and the resources available to deliver projects or programs.  Strong understanding of the current and future state external real world data assets, data vendors, technology and applications.  Strong expertise in health informatics, including familiarity with health outcomes databases, electronic health records, clinical trial data, biomarker data sets and clinical trial registries.  Masters, PhD or MD) with a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience OR a .  Bachelors degree with a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline is required.  Experience creating new programs and products with high impact.  Strong understanding of health care data standards such as OMOP, Snomed, ICD, LOINC, CDISC, OMICS etc.  Experience in Text Mining and Natural Language Process (NLP) required.  Strong understanding of and demonstrated expertise in health care data analytic methods required.  Expertise in biostatistics is preferred.  Experience with SQL R/ Python/ SAS scripting, data modelling and data transformation skillset is required
 Participate, as needed, in the annual validation of the global screening platform(s); validation requires experience using SAS, R, and a general knowledge of statistics.  and/ or relevant experience(s).  Bachelors degree; experience in compliance, legal or other control-related function in the financial services firm, regulatory organization, or legal/ consulting firm, or a combination thereof; experience in area of focus.  Experience with one or more of the follwing tools/ areas: SAS, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Computational Linguistics, SQL, Oracle, R and/ or Statistics.  Experience in analyzing data for the purposes of validating the systems applied thresholds, parameters, and/ or stored procedures.  Knowledge of Compliance laws, rules, regulations, risks and typologies.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to analyze data in foreign language preferred.  Must be a self-starter, flexible, innovative and adaptive.  Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work collaboratively and with people at all levels of the organization.  Excellent project management and organizational skills and capability to handle multiple projects at one time.  Proficient in MS Office applications (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
 Extensive experience architecting scalable backend architectures.  Experience with an object-oriented language, C# preferred.  Experience with Python (Django, Flask).  Experience with RESTful APIs, service-oriented architectures and micro-services.  Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Experience with NoSQL (e.  Experience with modern product development practices, including software testing (e.  Experience working in a regulated environment.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent years of experience.  5+ years of industry experience as a software engineer developing scalable backend architectures
 5+ years of experience in test automation, specifically testing the API and devices.  Strong programming experience in JavaScript.  Proven experience developing test scripts, test cases, and test data.  Experience using Git, Jira, or similar tools for version control and bug tracking.  Shopify makes commerce better for everyone with a platform and services that are engineered for reliability, while delivering a better shopping experience for consumers everywhere
 You have a minimum of 4 years' experience as an Engineer in commercial settings, developing scalable and responsive web-applications using front-end frameworks.  You have very strong implementation experience with web technologies including JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3.  You're very experienced in software testing (frontend testing, regression testing, unit testing).  Experience with high-performance visualization techniques such as WebGL.  Experience with C#.  Bachelors degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent years of experience
 Build, develop and scale the frontend and backend of our Marketing Automation and Advertising Solutions that powers marketing experience for buyers, sellers and real estate agents.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  5+ years experience in Node.  5+ years of experience in Javascript and CSS (Typescript a plus).  5+ years experience with NPM & JavaScript including modern frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue (.  Experience with Redux, ES6, Webpack is a plus).  5+ years of experience in writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  In-depth understanding and hands on experience with relational databases and SQL (e.  Extensive experience with a major cloud provider, for instance, AWS.  Experience collaborating closely with UX and Product Managers.  Familiarity with containerization, microservices architecture, continuous integration and delivery is a plus
 Our ideal candidate has a technical degree and have 5-7 years of Solution Engineering (aka Systems or Sales Engineering) experience, preferably with Hyperscalers, and background in:.  Must have strong sense of achievement and customer focused attitude.  Deep networking experience, including solid knowledge of L2/ L3 Ethernet or other networking protocols.  Experience with leading and managing technical teams is a plus.  Ability to travel up to 20%
We are looking for an experienced Solutions Engineer (Sr SE) based in Sunnyvale, CA.  Technical degree and have 5-7 years of Solution Engineering (aka Systems or Sales Engineering) experience.  Must have strong sense of achievement and customer focused attitude.  Deep networking experience, including solid knowledge of L2/ L3 Ethernet or other networking protocols.  Experience with leading and managing technical teams is a plus.  Ability to travel up to 20%
 Octo specializes in providing agile software engineering, user experience design, cloud services, and digital strategy services that address governments most pressing missions.  Voted one of the regions best places to work multiple times, Octo is an employer of choice!You?ì«ƒoull leverage your Techno/ Functional SME experience as a Senior Solutions Architect on a consulting team responsible for providing engineering support and implementation services for a leading federal agencys IT modernization efforts.  As a subject matter expert, youll leverage relevant application architecture experience, keeping your skills sharp and support other team members in gaining knowledge and trust in a well-defined architectural road map. Requirements?ìªºignificant experience in solutioning, architecting, designing, migrating and operating an application environment. Significant experience in providing system architecture and application architecture recommendations.  Experience with Cloud, Virtualized environments including both internal and external solutions, PaaS, IaaS, SaaS.  Experience with and/ or in-depth knowledge of more than one Cloud platform (AWS, Azure, Google, etc.  Excellent leadership, interpersonal, presentation and communication (written and oral) skills, and able to articulate ideas concisely.  Experience providing technical leadership and capabilities for proposal pursuits, white papers, presentations and other key initiatives.  Experience building effective working relationships at all levels and managing/ mentoring teams to success. Desired Skills?ìªªertified Scrum Master (CSM) or SAFe Certification.  Experience with development methodologies including Agile, Waterfall and Devops.  Experience: 15+ years of experience in IT infrastructure and enterprise level architectural engineering.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.  Ability to obtain and maintain a Federal Public Trust Clearance/ Suitability, including a U.  Must have lived in the U.  Experience:AWS: 3 years (Required)application architecture: 3 years (Required)cloud: 5 years (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www
 Andor Health is seeking an experienced Senior Architect (Voice Skills/ AI/ Machine Learning).  Familiarity to voice skills SDK's, process flows, intents as well as an SDK (Alexa Skills, Google Actions, SiriKit).  Experience delivering highly scalable solutions utilizing a cloud provider such as AWS, Azure or GCP.  The ideal candidate should be experienced with leading from a technical perspective for teams consisting of multiple technical practitioner areas, including applications, cloud providers, security, customer service, technical support, quality management, etc.  Experience in the healthcare industry.  5-7+ years of varied experience in Information Technology.  2-4 years of experience in Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning/ Deep Learning.  Experience with machine learning software, such as Azure ML, TensorFlow, Theano and Torch.  In-depth experience with the SDLC development lifecycle and software development methodologies.  Strong process development skills with the ability to learn and understand technical concepts in order to interpret document and formalize procedures.  Strong programming skills in SQL, C#, .  Experience in Natural Language Processing (NLP), Statistical Language Modeling (SLM), Text-to-Speech (TTS), Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and Signal Processing.  2-4 years' experience in the Microsoft Azure technology stack.  Experience with SDK's like Slack or Microsoft Teams
 Masters Degree or equivalent work experience.  5+ years of meaningful experience.  Experience in architecting test bench environments for unit level verification.  Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies.  Prior Design or Verification experience of dynamic memory controllers (ddr{2, 3, 4}, lpddr{2, 3,4,5},Gddr{5,6},HBM{1, 2}) and/ or high-speed interconnects.  Strong background developing TB's from scratch using SV and UVM methodology is desired.  C++ programming language experience, scripting ability and an expertise in System Verilog.  Exposure to design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Strong debugging and analytical skills.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required
 BS in Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineer or related degree required, advanced degrees (MS, PhD) a plus.  5+ years of meaningful industry experience and a background in high speed DRAM and/ or processor design (ie Graphics, Microprocessors, Network Processors, or Mobile /  Multimedia SOCs).  Knowledge of GDDR5, LPDDR4, LPDDR5, or DDR3 or related protocols.  You have experience with all stages in the ASIC design flow including emulation, prototyping, DFT, timing analysis, floorplanning, ECO, bringup & lab debug, and ATE test development.  Strong working knowledge of Verilog or VHDL.  Experience with high speed clocking, cache interfaces and protocols.  Familiarity with board and system level issues.  Programming skills in C and/ or PERL
ABS Group of Companies, Inc.  Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ABS Group operates with more than 1,300 professionals in over 30 countries serving the industrial manufacturing, oil, gas and chemical, marine, offshore and government sectors.  ABS Group is a subsidiary of ABS, a leading marine and offshore classification society.  ABS Group is looking for a Senior Economist in Washington, D.  10+ years expertise working on Regulatory Impact Analysis (RIA) and Environmental Assessment (EA), National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) experience, and understanding and experience across the full regulatory lifecycle.  Strong understanding of the federal government agency rulemaking process, and how regulations are developed.  Masters degree in Economics.  Experience with: Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) analysis; Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) analysis; policy analysis; economic analysis; regulatory development research and analysis; ad hoc research and analysisBackground in: environmental, health and safety (EHS); energy (petroleum oil, ethanol, propane, natural gas, liquefied natural gas); pipeline safety regulation; and HAZMAT packagingTransportation industry experience: rail, air, water, and highway.  Familiarity with relevant executive orders, laws, regulations, policies, procedures, and guidance that govern and guide the federal rulemaking processC-Suite support experience.  Experience with: data science; data analysis and visualization; survey methodology; predictive modeling; artificial intelligence; natural language processing; time series analysis; economic theory and application; econometrics; microeconomics; macroeconomics; industrial organization; and financial analysis.  Company: ABSG Consulting, Inc
 Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent work experience.  3+ years of relevant work experience.  Experience developing scalable code using Object Oriented Programming principles.  Prior verification experience related to memory subsystem or DMA engine is a huge plus.  Familiarity with memory subsystem concepts such as memory consistency models, arbitration policies, encryption algorithm, high-speed IO protocols and/ or on-chip interconnect.  Strong interpersonal skills
 Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent work experience.  3+ years of relevant work experience.  Exposure to design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB), and methodologies (UVM or equivalent).  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are required.  Prior verification experience related to memory subsystem is a huge plus.  Familiarity with memory subsystem concepts such as DRAM protocols, memory management, cache coherency, memory consistency models, arbitration policies, high-speed IO protocols and/ or on-chip interconnect
 10+ years of total work experience.  3+ years of experience in supporting AWS-based production infrastructure.  3+ years of experience administering UNIX/ Linux server required (or equivalent work experience).  3+ years of experience with Apache, Tomcat and any other Java application servers and relational database servers like MySQL (LAMP experience is highly preferred).  Experience with configuring and securing mission-critical production servers.  Experience with configuring load balancers and data.  Experience in Scripting, with experience implementing automation and monitoring using shell scripting or any other language.  Experience in analysis and system performance tuning.  Critical thinking skills in a complex IT environment to analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve problems without direction.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Bachelor's or .  Masters degree in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience).  Experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, tripwire, aide and other custom monitoring tools.  Very competitive salary based on prior experience and qualifications
 We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer experienced in building production ready data processing and machine learning pipelines.  Successful candidates will have a proven track record in all stages of the product development life cycle, from requirements definition through system design, development and deployment.  Candidates should have strong software architecture and development skills, with some experience in machine learning to join our team.  Must be a US Citizen to be eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance.  Over 3 years of experience in full stack software development.  At least 2 years of software engineering leadership experience.  Experience developing machine learning algorithms in Python or Java.  Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Jenkins and Docker.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong team player who can effectively contribute to project development.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related discipline from an accredited university.  Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, CUDA, OpenCV.  Experience with JakartaEE, Wildfly/ Thorntail, Flask/ Bottle, Angular.  Experience with Hadoop/ Spark, Accumulo, MongoDB, Postgres.  Experience with DoD or Intelligence Community (IC) programs
 Expert level Extract Transform Load (ETL) experience using Python, Spark, Hadoop,Apache Beam, or similar technologies.  SQL & NoSQL analytical expertise, data modeling, and relational database experience.  Programming experience (Java, Scala preferred).  Expert knowledge of one or more programming languages (e.  Knowledge of data warehousing concepts, methodologies, and frameworks.  Experience with Google cloud computing - dataproc, dataflow, big query, cloud sql, big table.  Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.  Experience with Machine Learning methods and libraries.  Ability to communicate technical concepts to a business-focused audience.  Familiarity with applied machine learning and data mining techniques to gain unexpected insights and applying sophisticated data modeling techniques to identify underlying trends and patterns (supervised/ unsupervised classification, time series, probabilistic models).  Expert user of statistical analysis tools (e.  Bachelor's Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Master's Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD.  At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis and Machine Learning.  Masters Degree in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) plus 3 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics).  At least 3 years experience in SQL, Python, Scala, or R.  At least 3 years experience with machine learning.  Experience working with Cloud solutions , preferably with GCP - Data flow , Data proc , NoSQL data sources (e.  Excellent data visualization skills and ability to create interactive visualizations
 Ayata is looking for experienced Senior Research Scientist specializing in Machine Learning who will develop machine learning models for business applications and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions.  Looking for experienced research scientist specializing in Machine learning, Mathematical and statistical model development.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms/ models, including time series forecasting, machine learning and deep learning, image processing, natural language processing, and speech recognition.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing.  PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related disciplines.  At least 10 years of industrial research experience.  Experience in Machine learning.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) is a strong plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
) to deliver analytics requirementsImplementing Master Data Management solutionsBuilding data storage solutions on premises and on the cloud ??data warehouses, data marts, noSQL databases, Hive and Impala schemasBuilding data workflows, monitoring and managing jobs and resourcesScripting in Unix /  Linux shells and Microsoft Azure PowerShellWorking with evolving data, analytics, and AI technologies like Hadoop and SparkWorking with evolving Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud technologiesDelivering solutions to customers quickly (including Proof of Concepts /  Proof of Value)Working in collaborative and agile team environment with changing and ambiguous requirementsHandling a variety of responsibilities under pressure and functioning independentlyCommunicating with confidence and integrity with clients and peersConveying complex technical concepts to business usersRapidly learning and implementing new technologies and toolsIdentifying, developing and evolving repeatable data solutions aligned to market/ customer needsEnsuring customer satisfaction and reference ability.  Required Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, AI, Operations Research, Data Science, Engineering, or related fieldsMinimum 5 years of professional Data, Analytics, and AI experienceMinimum 5 years of proven experience working with structured and unstructured data technologies to ingest, process, model, visualize and report on structured and un-structured data in rest and in motion using Hadoop, Kafka, Spark, Microsoft Azure and/ or Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Must have experience in creating and delivering pre-sale and delivery presentations and leading client facing communicationsPreferred track record with a Blue Chip consulting firm or a System Integrator driving client engagements focused on Data and AnalyticsPreferred experience in Operations Research and Artificial Intelligence (AI) end to end projects.  Advanced degree(s) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, Data Science, Engineering, or related fieldsAt least 3 years of experience in Python codingAt least 1 year of experience in Spark (Scala and Java) codingMinimum 3 years of experience in Hive, HBase, Impala codingMinimum 3 years of experience in UNIX /  Linux shell scriptingSome experience with Microsoft Azure and /  or AWSAt least 5 years of experience in SQL codingOperations Research hands on experienceArtificial Intelligence hands on experience.  Experienced
 Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, social computing, time series prediction, computer vision, etc.  Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.  Bachelors degree with 5 years of experience, .  Masters with 3 years of experience or PHD with 1-2 years of experience
 Experience applying machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques to domain specific applications, such as natural language processing, remote-sensing and geo-spatial intelligence, social computing, time series prediction, computer vision, etc.  Ability to contribute that knowledge to the academic and research strength of PNNL and have experience writing scientific publications demonstrating their insight and discovery (e.  Bachelors degree with 7 years of experience, .  Masters with 5 years of experience or PHD with 3 years of experience
 Proficiency in Python or R.  5+ years of experience as a machine learning engineer.  Experience working on AI centric products.  Bonus: A bachelors or masters degree in computer science or a similar field.  Excellent medical, dental and vision coverage
 You will build beautiful experiences that bring real AI into the workspace and delight our users.  Proficiency in TypeScript, CSS and HTML.  Proficiency in any backend technologies (e.  Experience with Docker and shipping products in cloud environments.  5+ years of experience as a software engineer.  Experience working on machine learning products.  Bonus: A bachelors or masters degree in computer science or a similar field.  Excellent medical, dental and vision coverage
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Math, related fields, or equivalent experience.  ì¨Œ 8+ years industry experience as a Software Engineer or Software Developer.  Experience serving as technical lead throughout the full software development lifecycle, end-to-end, from scoping, planning, conception, design, implementation, and testing to documentation, delivery and maintenance.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Demonstrated proficiency in at least one modern language such as Java, Python, C++, or C#, including object-oriented design.  Experience building large-scale software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.  Experience driving the architecture, engineering and software design of large-scale, multi-tiered, distributed software applications, databases, tools, systems, and services using service-oriented architecture, object-oriented design and distributed programming.  Do you have a rich depth and breadth of software development experience?.  You will face unique challenges, learn from some of the brightest minds in the industry and build deep expertise in the most sought after skills in the market.  10+ years industry experience as a Software Engineer or Software Developer.  Experience communicating with users, software development engineering teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features and technical designs.  Experience with data modeling for NoSQL databases such as Amazon DynamoDB.  Experience with TypeScript and React.  Experience with web application security, especially identity and authentication protocols.  Experience designing applications for a global audience.  Strong verbal and written communication skills, especially the ability to deliver high quality documents at an appropriate level of detail
 MS or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent experience.  10+ years of relevant industry experience.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to understand complex algorithms and relationships.  Experience in self-driving or related discipline such as robotics, motion planning, control, computer vision is strongly preferable, as is evidence of working hands on with a team.  Experience developing real-time Computer Vision systems and visual geometry algorithms in a shipping product context.  Experience in automotive or other highly regulated industries.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with good attention to details.  Excellent communication and organization skills, good time management and task prioritization.  Experience with GPGPU programming (CUDA and OpenCL)
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or related field or equivalent work experience is required.  6+ years of experience working on software development teams.  6+ years of experience with CI automation tools, such as CircleCI, Jenkins, or Bamboo, TFS Build.  3+ years of experience building and creating Docker containers and Docker-based Microservices or similar technology.  4+ years of experience with infrastructure automation tools such as Chef, Puppet, Ansible, or CloudFormation.  6+ years of experience working with distributed source control systems, like Git, GitHub or BitBucket.  3+ years of experience in a technical leadership role.  5+ years of experience with scripting languages, such as Python, Perl, Powershell.  1+ years of experience with Amazon AWS services including S3, EC2, CloudWatch, Lambda, Kinesis, CloudFormation, and Dynamo.  2+ years of experience with Artifactory or similar artifact repositories.  Ability to communicate effectively in English.  2+ years of experience with building and operating a continuous delivery pipeline.  Experience:.  Experience with Release Pipeline tools such as Concourse, Thoughtworks Go, Octopus, Hive, ElectricFlow, or Xebialabs.  Call center and telecom experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Experience in a tech start-up involved in software development.  Proven success in managing teams in different locations.  Bachelor's in business, engineering, computer sciences, or a related field.  Expertise in PM techniques and methodologies like Agile.  Experience in autonomous vehicles and/ or robotics.  Experience with a company going to and through IPO.  Master's in a technical field
 Validate and test deep learning models on large scale clinical pathology image data.  Extensive experience working in a team implementing and evaluating deep neural networks, especially for computer vision tasks.  Extensive experience in Python development.  Extensive experience with PyTorch, TensorFlow or equivalent.  Extensive experience with modern product development practices, including software testing (e.  Experience with design patterns, algorithms and data structures.  Experience implementing algorithms published in technical papers.  Experience with parallelization, threading and concurrency problems.  Experience with distributed systems and HPC distributed setups.  Master's degree in computer science or a related field, or equivalent years of experience.  4+ years of industry experience as a software engineer
 Minimum of 2-years of related industry or academic experience or equivalent postdoctoral training.  Experience in machine learning, deep learning, statistical analyses, predictive modeling and algorithm development.  Advanced programming skills with fluency in at least Python or R, with extensive experience using modern machine learning and deep learning libraries (TensorFlow, PyTorch, Edward, sklearn, caret, etc.  Proven ability to design and code production grade machine learning/ deep learning applications, along with a strong ability to visualize ?ìžig-data.  Ability to work on high performance computing system and manage cloud computing environments (e.  AWS) with experience working with GPUs.  Strong communication and presentation skills with the ability to translate and communicate complex results to individuals of diverse backgrounds.  in Engineering, Computational Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics or another related field with a minimum of 5-years of related industry or academic experience
 Barbaricum seeks an experienced Data Analytics Specialist to provide support to a Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) customer, with the purpose of enabling ongoing situational awareness?ë´³hrough integration of legacy and new data systems?ë´³hat will allow commanders and their forces to make and quickly implement informed decisions.  Coach and oversee data engineers, data scientists, and user experience design team members in the execution of analytic sprints.  Bachelor's Degree.  5+ years of relevant experience
 BS and 15+ years in related technical field.  Relevant experience building, architect, designing, and implementing Deep Learning Solution in highly distributed global cloud-based systems.  Relevant experience in network infrastructure, security, virtualization.  Proven ability to understand and communicate solutions to complex problems and identify patterns.  Proven ability to communicate risk, reward, and complex concepts to stakeholders
10+ years of experience in one or more of the following: Manufacturing, Supply chain, Industry 4.  Experience with cloud computing and related concepts.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.  Strong negotiation skills, business knowledge, and financial acumen.  Strong analytical skills, including demonstrated ability to conduct detailed data analysis, use it to derive useful business insight, and apply that insight to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to colleagues and customers.  Would you like to help our customers innovate like Amazon ??and deliver breakthrough experiences for their end customers? Would you like to pioneer the use of cloud services to help drive innovation? Would you like to be part of building a fast-growing program to worldwide scale? Do you have the business savvy, technical knowledge, and leadership skills necessary to help AWS take its transformational messages to business customers, help them envision the possibilities that our services and solutions can create for them, and then help them unlock that potential value for their businesses?.  The right candidate for this role would have a combination of skills and experience developing and applying structured thought frameworks to enable technology - enabled business transformation, aligning business requirements with technology capabilities, formulating go-to-market strategies, creating and leading market-facing programs to execute those strategies, engaging with customers in business and technical roles, and collaborating cross-functionally with colleagues and partners to achieve tangible business outcomes for customers.  The ideal candidate is experienced and effective engaging with business and technical customers at senior levels, including within the C-suite, with mid-level management, and at junior levels, at companies of all sizes (large enterprises, mid-market companies, and small companies).  Startup experience is also helpful.  Strong analytical skills, and demonstrated ability to turn detailed data analysis into useful strategic insight in order to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to the business.  Experience with, and detailed knowledge of the support market and insights related to cloud computing and IT.  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills.  Experience selling to Fortune 1000 and/ or Global 2000 organizations.  Experience with cloud computing and or related fields (IT, software, etc)MBA or equivalent relevant business experience
 1 year of technology related experience required.  Experience, & .  Experience in one or more machine learning solutions such as TensorFlow, Keras, etc.  Experience in one or more programming language such as Python, R, AngularJS, NodeJS, etc.  Familiarity with end to end machine learning (ML) platforms such as SageMaker.  Familiarity with micro services.  Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment.  Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment
 8+ years of experience in bioinformatics and machine learning applications in genomics preferred.  Strong communication skills.  Strong understanding of genomics and relevant genomics applications.  Strong software engineering skills in C++ and Python.  Strong mathematical background.  Demonstrated experience with deep learning including TensorFlow, Theano, Torch, with publications of deep learning research in machine learning conferences (NIPS, ICML, ICLR etc) a big plus
 Charles Schwab Asset Management Solutions (SAMS) Technology is part of the Schwab Technology Services (STS) organization which is responsible for the companys use of information technology including all telecommunications, operations and client and business applications.  SAMS Technology is aligned to support the technology needs of Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.  In addition to CSIM, SAMS is comprised of Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc.  As one of the industrys largest and most experienced asset managers, we put client needs first and are committed to lowering costs and reducing unnecessary complexity on behalf of all investors and the financial professionals who serve them.  This Senior Managing Director position within SAMS Technology reports directly to the Vice President and divisional CIO and will provide senior leadership to the Direct Indexing business which encompasses Portfolio Management, Trading, Investment Risk and middle and back office for direct to client, direct to advisor and Separately Managed Accounts products.  The individual will manage the relationships with the Chief Investment and Risk Officers, Heads of the Investment Teams, Heads of Trading for Equity within SAMS.  In addition, the individual will be responsible for a public cloud based platform and architecture which will require relationship management and collaboration with the senior leaders in Schwab Digital Services, Custody and Operations and Advisor Services organizations to offer an end to end digital client experience.  This role requires a highly motivated, organized and experienced business focused technology leader with a proven record of software delivery to a front office investment management business.  Experience.  12+ years of experience in front office technology software development for an investment management firm.  Minimum of ten years experience leading an information technology software delivery organization across multiple technical and investment management product disciplines.  At least ten years experience managing the software development lifecycle leveraging the latest methodologies and industry applicable technologies including public cloud, artificial intelligence (Natural Language Processing and machine Learning) and data science.  Extensive experience leading solution delivery teams inclusive of scope, scheduling, budgeting and project planning in an environment with aggressive delivery goals and client product launches.  Proven record of delivering technology solutions within agreed upon budgets and timeframes.  Substantiated experience raising the bar on staff delivery performance and cultivating high performance work environments with integrated teams.  Significant experience transforming teams through technology, organization, culture, process and business change management.  Ability to work hands on with team members to inspire and motivate all levels of staff towards both tactical and strategic delivery goals.  Ability to work effectively in matrixed cross functional teams providing holistic leadership and management to deliver on the product objectives.  Ability to drive change with external counterparties and vendors, managing and enhancing relationships and services provided.  Excellent written communication, presentation and facilitation skills with experience preparing reports to executive management and boards of trustees
 Knowledge and experience regarding electronic payments, payment integrity, financial industry regulation of payments, and HIPAA and state privacy laws and regulations is preferred.  Ability to navigate and work across multiple constituents to develop, communicate, and support the companys short-term and long-term business objectives.  Functional and industry experience.  10 years or more experience handling complex legal and regulatory issues, and related transactional work.  Privacy experience and expertise is required.  Healthcare and experience with complex computing systems is preferred.  Strong track record of leading, managing, and improving people and processes.  Proven experience and expertise in leading a complex, growing and cutting-edge organization through transformation from one of a largely independent, stand-alone business unit to a more fully integrated and strategically aligned organization.  10 years or more of experience providing complex regulatory and transactional counsel, with at least 5 years in privacy, to clients, with the company or in an equivalent attorney role at another company, not-for-profit, law firm, or government agency.  Critical Skills:.  Expertise in drafting complex transactional agreements, legal analysis and policies and procedural documentation.  Excellent interpersonal skills with an ability to provide sound, clear legal advice to clients.  Ability to manage simultaneous projects in an efficient and timely manner.  Driving results: results-oriented style with a high degree of analytical ability and proven problem-solving skills.  Ability to rapidly expand subject matter knowledge base.  Teamwork: Must demonstrate a willingness to be a team player and help fellow members of the legal and compliance team as needed.  Professional: Must conduct themselves in a professional and respectful manner
 Chipotle is seeking highly motivated, results oriented individual with strong data engineering skills in MS Stack and cloud technologies for Enterprise Data and Business Intelligence function.  and 5-8 years of relevant work experience; or an equivalent in education and experience.  Hands on experience with Microsoft Stack SSIS, SQL, etc.  Experience with the Agile development process preferred.  Proven track-record of excellence and consistently delivered past project successfully.  Hands on experience with Azure data factory V2, Azure Databricks, SQLDW or Snowflake, Azure analysis services and Cosmos DB.  Experience with Python or Scala.  Experience with large scale data lake or warehouse implementation on any of the public cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP).  Have experience in a multi-dimensional data environment.  With more than 70,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience
 As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies.  Masters degree in a quantitative field (e.  Proficiency in causal inference and advanced statistics.  Experience architecting and deploying machine learning systems in an industry setting.  Experience in providing technical leadership and mentorship.  Strong track record of driving and executing sophisticated, open-ended, cross-functional projects.  Strong interpersonal skills
 Our team is responsible for delivering modern storytelling experiences to PowerPoint customers on any device, anywhere on the planet.  Passion for engaging with all our customers ??from IT departments to creative directors, professional speakers, students, teachers, information workers, social media influencers, independent software vendors ?ë³›Â€?and a proven ability to work collaboratively to identify, design, and deliver the next set of features to address their needs will enable you to be successful in this role.  5+ years of product management experience.  Proven ability to design, deliver, and iterate on complex projects with a diverse set of stakeholders from ideation to production.  Experience in system and service architectural design, or the technical aptitude to ramp up in this area.  Demonstrated passion for customer-centric and data-driven designs and customer validation, including experience gathering requirements from customers and the ability to derive insights from a variety of data sets
 Experience.  Knowledge of application security and vulnerabilities.  Software development experience with C/ C++, Java, C#, or another dominant programming language.  Strong scripting ability in one or more common scripting languages (Perl, Python, Powershell, Bash).  Experience with Continuous Integration and DevOps tools.  Proven ability to deploy both SaaS and On-prem solutions.  Experience with security testing and network protocols.  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, engineering, or another scientific degree (.  Masters Degree or equivalent .  Experience preferred)
 Bachelo\s Degree in EE, CS or CE or equivalent work experience.  5+ years of relevant experience or an Advanced Degree with equivalent experience.  Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies.  Experience with design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Expertise in System Verilog or similar HVL.  Perl and C/ C++ programming language experience desirable.  Prior experience with arbiters, interconnect networks and/ or caches is desirable.  Strong communication skills and ability & desire to work as a great teammate are huge plus.  Experience in crafting test bench environments for unit and system level verification
 Bachelors Degree in EE, CS or CE or equivalent work experience.  5+ years of relevant experience or an Advanced Degree with equivalent experience.  Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies.  Experience with design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Experience in crafting test bench environments for unit and system level verification.  Expertise in System Verilog or similar HVL.  Perl and C/ C++ programming language experience desirable.  Prior experience with arbiters, interconnect networks and/ or caches is desirable.  Strong communication skills and ability & desire to work as a great teammate are huge plus
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS: (List the education and experience required to perform the primary responsibilities of the job.  Equivalent combinations of education and experience should be noted).  PhD in statistics or biostatistics with at least 3 years of relevant experience or MS in statistics or biostatistics with at least 6 years of relevant experience.  Extensive experience in conducting real world data analyses using SAS and R.  Experience with advanced study design or at least one NDA/ CTDs or other global regulatory submissions.  Excellent oral and written communications skills.  Strong project management skills.  Strong collaborative skills and ability to work with a cross-functional team
 Ability to hold a Top Secret security clearance (without polygraph) is preferred, but not required.  Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred).  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  are self-directed and can prioritize experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer
 Ability to hold a Top Secret security clearance (without polygraph) is preferred, but not required.  Strong engineering leadership in the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision.  At least 5-7 years of experience in product or project management.  are self-directed and can prioritize experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer
 TERMS OF PAYMENT:.  Explain in a cover page (maximum 2 pages) how candidates qualification and experience in research makes them suitable for the work and can lead towards the successful deliverable of the two objectives of this consultancy within the required timeframe.  Good analytical skills in gathering and consolidating data and research for practical implementation;.  Required Skills and .  Experience.  Masters degree or equivalent) in Computer science, Information systems, Innovation management, or related field.  A first-level university degree in combination with qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.  A minimum of 10+ years project management experience in creating highly scalable, flexible and resilient architectures, that addresses the business problems and accelerate the adoption of best practices is required.  Experience in providing solutions, project management, and architecture for medium to large websites for a minimum of 2 large enterprise clients is required.  Experience in Panels, Views, Features and Rules, core API, CCK/ Fields along with other contributed modules are desirable.  Strong competencies in Programming, Algorithms, Distributed system, Data Structures, Design patterns, and OOPs concepts is desirable.  Exposure on integrating third-party APIs into Web sites.  Experienced with version control systems such as SVN, GIT, etc.  Strong problem solving, communication, and front-end development skills.  Experience with front-end JavaScript frameworks, tools & libraries like Angular, Typescript, NPM & Webpack.  Proficiency in design software and knowledge in web design/ administration will be an advantage.  Strong problem solving, communication, and front-end development skills.  Proficiency in design software and knowledge in web design/ administration.  Knowledge of other UN languages is an advantage
 TERMS OF PAYMENT:.  Explain in a cover page (maximum 2 pages) how candidates qualification and experience in research makes them suitable for the work and can lead towards the successful deliverable of the two objectives of this consultancy within the required timeframe.  Good analytical skills in gathering and consolidating data and research for practical implementation;.  Required Skills and .  Experience.  Masters degree or equivalent) in Computer science, Information systems, Innovation management, or related field.  A first-level university degree in combination with qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.  A minimum of 10+ years project management experience in creating highly scalable, flexible and resilient architectures, that addresses the business problems and accelerate the adoption of best practices is required.  Experience in providing solutions, project management, and architecture for medium to large websites for a minimum of 2 large enterprise clients is required.  Experience in Panels, Views, Features and Rules, core API, CCK/ Fields along with other contributed modules are desirable.  Strong competencies in Programming, Algorithms, Distributed system, Data Structures, Design patterns, and OOPs concepts is desirable.  Exposure on integrating third-party APIs into Web sites.  Experienced with version control systems such as SVN, GIT, etc.  Strong problem solving, communication, and front-end development skills.  Experience with front-end JavaScript frameworks, tools & libraries like Angular, Typescript, NPM & Webpack.  Proficiency in design software and knowledge in web design/ administration will be an advantage.  Strong problem solving, communication, and front-end development skills.  Proficiency in design software and knowledge in web design/ administration.  Knowledge of other UN languages is an advantage
 We are seeking experienced candidates who thrive in a fast-paced environment, enjoy being a part of a distributed team, and can transform ideas into new features.  Leverage your experience and creativity to solve complex problems in an agile-centric.  Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Full-stack software engineering experience.  Strong communication, problem solving, task prioritization, and teamwork skills.  Experience with Java and/ or other JVM-based languages.  Experience with TypeScript and/ or JavaScript, Node.  Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases, including PostgreSQL and Apache Cassandra
 The Senior BI Business Analyst is passionate about data driven decision making and has a proven history of leveraging technology to extract and share analytics insights.  He or she is ready to share that experience and coach others in BI best practices to push their project and the BI organization as a whole to the next level of success.  Expert (SME) in Chipotle's data.  Have a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Finance, Statistics or related discipline.  5+ years of relevant experience in a business intelligence role, working with data warehouses and business intelligence tools.  Experience querying from and reporting with MS SQL server.  Expertise in data visualization and visual best practices.  Experience with enterprise data governance and security.  Experience working in an agile delivery environment as either a Scrum Master or Product Owner.  Experience using MS Power BI in an enterprise environment a plus.  Experience providing extensive requirement documentation including source-to-target documentation, entity relationship diagrams, and agile story writing.  Experience leading requirements gathering sessions and workshops with an executive level audience.  Proven ability to communicate effectively with both business and technical audiences.  Restaurant industry experience a plus.  With more than 83,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience
Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree in Data Science, Computer Science or related field3-5 years work experience using data science techniques, including machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling, text mining and data visualization.  Experience with programming languages such as Python, Java, or other languages for prototyping/ testing algorithms .  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work both independently and with a team Preferred Qualifications: Advanced degree in related field of study Practical experience with statistical analysis .  Experience with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization, search, and entity extraction.  Ability to foster relationship with sponsors
 BS or MS degree in EE/ CS/ CE or equivalent work experience.  7+ yrs of meaningful industry experience.  Experience in low-level operating system functionality, specifically in areas of ARM technologies and programming is invaluable.  Excellent Interpersonal Skills.  Experience with UEFI, ACPI, SMBIOS, Linux kernel are preferred.  Working experience in system software, operating system internals, kernel modules, and device drivers
 Proven track record of building and implementing Quality processes for software teams.  Proven track record of participating/ leading software development initiatives from concept to market, including verification and validation. 2+ years of experience managing direct reports. 2+ years of formal or informal experience in project management.  Experience with in vitro diagnostic devices (IVD).  Experience with Software as a Medical Device (SaMD).  Experience with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning.  Experience with LIMS, HIPAA, and Laboratory Controls.  Experience with automated software development About Freenome: Freenome is on a mission to empower everyone with the tools they need to detect, treat, and ultimately prevent diseases
Present SnapLogic Intelligent Integration Platform, including demonstrating deep familiarity with hardware, software, networking and security stack Respond effectively to RFIs and RFPs Participate in training and certifications to acquire and maintain the knowledge necessary to be effective in role Attain quarterly and annual objectives that you will define collaboratively with your manager Travel as required Function effectively in a fast-paced high-energy market segment and successfully balance multiple projects in a team-selling environment Become a trusted advisor for the prospect and help define their integration strategy What We re Looking For:5+ years in pre sales environment at a software vendor.  Ability to work as part of a team to solve business and technical problems in varied political environments Solid verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills.  Proven time management & prioritization skills in a dynamic sales environment.  Experience in product applications, ability to understand and explain related technical issues, working knowledge of company products, all potential applications and effective communication skills.  Excellent hands on relational database skills and cloud computing/ web 2.  Excellent skills in conducting POC s and relating the technical value to business value in pre-sales environment.  Strong experience with SaaS, cloud computing, web technologies In-depth understanding of APIs (Rest and SOAP)Programming or scripting skills are a big plus (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc. )Data integration knowledge and experience is a big PLUSB.  Computer Science, Software Engineering, MIS, MBA, or equivalent work experience Previous experience as a Solutions Engineer Why Join Now:There s never been a better time to join SnapLogic
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems4+ years of professional software development experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of industry experience. Programming experience in C, C++ and/ or Java (or other OO language) in Linux and/ or Windows environment.  Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.  Ideal candidate will have a number of years of experience designing, delivering and operating large scale data processing production systems through multiple development cycles, deep knowledge of building high-quality, scalable Machine Learning and Big Data systems, and experience of User .  Experience design and development.  MS in Computer Science.  Experience developing cloud software services and a deep understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability. Development experience defining, developing and maintaining RESTful interfaces.  Experience with Machine Learning
 Hands on CloudFormation Templates/ Terraform creation and debugging experience.  Deep understand of AWS cloud architectures and service integrations, advanced knowledge of common AWS services, with hands on experience on IAM role customization, etc.  BS, MS or PhD degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field.  Expertise with cloud technology and services: Amazon Web Service, Google Cloud, Azure, Docker, Kubernetes.  Hands on experience on security group customization, roles dependencies and restrictions, network policies, gateway, load balancers.  Cloud logging, monitoring and troubleshooting experience.  Strong software development skills in system architecture, implementation, testing, debugging and devops.  Ready to use your expertise and experience to drive change? Apply today
 Experience: 5Minimum Education: Advanced degree Minimum Qualifications:.  Ability to articulate AI/ ML solutions in a compelling impact driven storytelling fashion that inspires trust and builds confidence.  Strong skillset in formulating insights around complex business problems with senior audiences.  Strong personal initiative and good judgment; desire to succeed in a demanding environment5+ years of experience managing software development teams3+ years of experience leading development of Data Science projects using advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence /  Machine Learning (AI/ ML) 3+ years industry experience in top-tier management consulting, investment banking, finance, corporate strategy, product management or related business fields3+ years of Python experience 3+ years of Database (SQL/ NOSQL) experience.  Experience building solutions on Spark or equivalent Big Data ML systems.  Experience building solutions at enterprise scale on cloud platforms (preferably AWS)A deep understanding of advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence /  Machine Learning (AI/ ML) landscape Comfortable with using Jira, Slack, SharePoint and other collaborative tools Desired .  Experience: Education: M.  Knowledge, experience, and skills: Deep Learning (i. , NLP) Spark, Scala, and Databricks Graph databases Building solutions that are delivered on OpenShift or similar container platform Technical/ product management and software experience AGILE or SCRUM certification PMP Certification Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. 
 Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance Minimum years of relevant experience: 3Education: B. Significant experience performing data science in a big data environment, such as:Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Netezza Programming in Scala, PySpark, SparkR Querying in SQL Leveraging distributed/ parallel processing capabilityPracticing efficient programming techniques and adjusting approach/ jobs per computational complexity considerations Analyzing millions (or billions) of rows of data Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as: Statistical analysis, predictive modelling, simulation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques Analytics for business, operations, human capital, or financial management Analyzing large and complex data sets, with strong aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis.  Proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS Visualization skills such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny Education: M. Skills and/ or proven success in the following: Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building strong, collaborative relationships with team members Leading small teams, coaching and collaborating with colleagues, providing feedback and guidance on work performance Communicating effectively to various audiences, including various levels of management and external clients, in a professional environment Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor Business development including RFP/ RFQ responses, developing white papers/ concept papers, and building and demonstrating prototype solutions to customers.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment. 
 Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance Minimum years of relevant experience: 3Education: B. Significant experience performing data science in a big data environment, such as:Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Netezza Programming in Scala, PySpark, SparkR Querying in SQL Leveraging distributed/ parallel processing capability Practicing efficient programming techniques and adjusting approach/ jobs per computational complexity considerations Analyzing millions (or billions) of rows of data Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as: Statistical analysis, predictive modelling, simulation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques Analytics for business, operations, human capital, or financial management Analyzing large and complex data sets, with strong aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis.  Proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS Visualization skills such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny Education: M. Skills and/ or proven success in the following: Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building strong, collaborative relationships with team members Leading small teams, coaching and collaborating with colleagues, providing feedback and guidance on work performance Communicating effectively to various audiences, including various levels of management and external clients, in a professional environment Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor Business development including RFP/ RFQ responses, developing white papers/ concept papers, and building and demonstrating prototype solutions to customers.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment. 
BA or BS degree5+ years in a data science, analytics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence-focused role5+ years of healthcare experience Working knowledge of healthcare data structures, taxonomy, and life cycle Working knowledge of machine learning Working knowledge of Natural Language Understanding techniques.  Experience managing data, data science, reporting or machine learning products in a production environment.  The Senior Product Manager (Tech) will be responsible for visioning, scoping, and building technology products from the ground up that use data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to enhance the clinician experience.  You will develop the strategy, vision, and roadmap for the product, creating features that provide a best-in-class clinical documentation experience.  Successful candidates will be strong, self-driven leaders who can develop compelling experiences at scale, communicate clearly and with data, prioritize effectively, and have a consistent track record of delivery.  Create the vision and roadmap with tools and systems that make our vision possible and allow us to deliver best-in-class health care Identify opportunities, create business cases, and champion your vision to build organizational alignment around priorities, features, and capabilities Write requirements and specifications to meet business requirements and drive the product development schedule from design to release Perform supporting research and analysis for your products by gathering data, diving deep into operations and customer experiences, and prototyping solutions Work cross-functionally with engineering, operations, and other product managers both in our organization and across Amazon to find the best solutions Partner with UX designers to design tools that make complex workflows simple for end users Define, prioritize, and plan the resources needed for programs and projects to be delivered on time Manage communication of product feature/ release timelines to key stakeholders.  5+ years of experience in complex technical product management and implementation5+ years of experience leading and interacting with cross-functional and dispersed teams3+ years consumer or end user-facing product experience5+ years experience managing a large scale digital product from vision to launch, as well as further iterations through every stage of the software development life cycle.  Experience delivering customer software products and services in a high-growth healthcare environment.  Proven ability to solve complex quantitative business challenges.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back-up assumptions, make recommendations, and drive actions.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated experience engaging and influencing stakeholders and executives High attention to detail including precise and effective communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.  Experience in scaling new businesses.  Experience working in an agile environment MBA or .  Masters Degree in a related field
 We are looking for a Senior Game Developer who has a passion and proven track record for developing great games, along with a desire to work on leading edge of simulation and deep learning to enable better strategic and tactical decision making for real-world, global scale problems.  Successful candidate for this role will have a passion for creating simulation focused game development experiences and world-class software engineering skills.  You will be a key team member for building a new type of gaming based experience leveraging Microsoft Gaming and Cloud technologies.  This is a rare opportunity to get in at the beginning and help shape the foundation of a brand new game experience, collaborating with industry leading cloud, game studio and game services leaders across Microsoft.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent experience.  5+ years of professional software engineering experience.  3+ years experience in any of the following: physics, inputs, engine, game systems, tooling, or optimizations.  Strong understanding of software development processes and product management methodologies.  Experience as primary architect of at least one core gameplay system.  Strong skills in C++ and experience with scripting languages.  Experience working on a live service or online multiplayer game.  Strong mathematical skills.  Experience with Unity or Unreal Engine.  Must be a strong collaborator willing to accept and respond to critical feedback.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
Redwood City, CA Full-time $160k - $225kPosted 04/ 28/ 2020Title: Senior Software Engineer ? Scala Location: Redwood City, CA Compensation Base Salary: 160 - 225k (DOE) Requirements: More than 1 year of commercial Scala experience and 5+ years of Backend Developmen tIf you are a Sr.  Software Engineer with Scala experience, please read on! Based out of the south bay, our focus is to generate insights on infectious diseases utilizing the power of Artificial Intelligence! We are seeking a talented Senior Software Engineers with either strong Backend or even Full-stack experience. What You Need for this Position Must Haves:- 1+ year of Scala experience- 4+ years of commercial Backend Development- Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent- 2+ years of cloud experience with either AWS or GCP- 2 years of experience building strategic product road maps from conception to launch.  Masters or Ph.  with 8 years+ of related experience preferred.  Experience with genomics, mobile-first experience, product launches in healthcare, taking products through the CLIA/ CAP/ HIPAA regulatory requirements preferred.  Software Engineer with experience, please apply today! Or send resumes to . Additional ways to apply Preferred Skills Cloud Scala AWS REACT AngularJS Kubernetes Java
 Minimum of five years of experience in professional software development.  Proven expertise in deploying high performance APIs that rely on deep learning models (Docker, FastAPI, Kubernetes, PyTorch/ TensorFlow, etc.  Experience with AWS (EC2, EMR, etc.  Experience with Spark.  Strong proficiency in Python.  Experience.  Familiarity with machine learning approaches and an understanding of the analysis and testing processes of machine learning algorithms.  Familiarity with Natural Language Processing approaches.  Experience with Amazon Sagemaker
 Deliver a mind-blowing customer experience achieve the customer objectives:.  Proven experience working within a 3rd party originations and underwriting management environment.  Knowledge/ experience to drive the creation of a systematic operational engine.  Experience leading large scale production for enterprise clients in the originations space.  Strong data analytics capabilities.  Has a reputation for absolute integrity with a proven ability to build trusted relationships
 Senior Data Scientist should have expertise and/ or experience in implementing deep learning or artificial intelligence (AI) projects in a High-Performance Computing (HPC) environment; and will be experienced in working with federal government categorical data from flat files, data warehouses, and external/ academic sources, and should demonstrate experience as a data scientist and/ or machine learning engineer.  Senior Data Scientist may be responsible for leading less experienced analysts.  Masters degree in data science, statistical analysis, machine learning, or related fields; and seven (7) years relevant experience in research, organizational and business analyses, predictive analysis, and deep learning development with preference for experience running big data projects for the federal government; or at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college level mathematics or statistics.  Education may be a substitute for years of experience.  Experience implementing the following libraries in R: h2o, Keras and mlr; and/ or the following libraries in Python: TensorFlow, PyTorch and mpi4py.  Experience implementing the Data Analysis Epicycle and skilled in performing multiple correspondence analysis (MCA), principal component analysis (PCA), and association rule mining.  Ability to develop algorithms in a High-Performance Computing (HPC) environment using custom multi-core desktop computers and Microsoft MPI Produce executive level summary reports/ briefings of algorithm results using RMarkdown or Jupyter Notebook.  Utilize MS Access to perform queries and analyses Utilize MS Excel to perform analyses to produce reports Utilize MS PowerPoint to produce reports Utilize MS Word to produce reports Utilize R (COT statistical analysis program) to perform analyses.  Must be able to obtain DHS EOD
 We are seeking an experienced Openstack System Administrator with good understanding of Linux fundamentals, networking concepts.  Academic degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or related degree.  Working experience in a large Openstack environment.  One or more Linux Certifications: RHCSA/ LFCS/ LPIC.  Experience with different Linux platform like Redhat/ CentOS/ Ubuntu/ SLES.  Knowledge of Directory Services like LDAP/ NIS.  Strong problem-solving acumen and flexibility with respect to adapt and learn quickly
 Masters or Ph. 8 - 12 years of relevant work or research experience in performance analysis and compiler optimizations.  Ability to work independently, define project goals and scope, and lead your own development effort.  Excellent C/ C++ programming and software design skills, including debugging, performance analysis, and test design.  Knowledge of CPU and/ or GPU architecture.  CUDA or OpenCL programming experience desired but not required.  Experience with the following technologies is a huge plus: XLA, TVM, MLIR, LLVM, deep learning models and algorithms, and deep learning framework design.  Strong interpersonal skills are required along with the ability to work in a dynamic product-oriented team
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Engineering Management, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.  12+ years of experience in cloud-based systems architecting.  One or more Cloud Certifications to include, but are not limited to the following:.  Masters degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering, Engineering Management, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.  12+ years of experience working in government or industry, within Cloud Architect profession.  Experience architecting solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience architecting solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Experience architecting solutions using Model-Based Systems Engineering.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
 Thats why we need you ??an experienced automated test engineer who understands how to test, interpret, and improve - to make sure our systems will solve real problems in the real world.  Youll also broaden your experience in cloud development and hardware in the loop large scale systems.  5+ years of experience in a software testing role.  Experience with multiple operating systems, including UNIX, Linux, and Windows.  Experience with test planning, test automation, and quality assurance.  Experience with installing and maintaining storage servers using VMware.  Experience with scripting languages including Python.  Knowledge of Web UI development using JavaScript and NodeJS.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  BS degree in CS, Statistics, Mathematics, or Engineering or 8+ years of experience with software testing.  Experience in troubleshooting with Windows, VMware and Linux operating environments, and related certification suites.  Experience with graphical user interface and data visualization tools and protocols, including HTML 4, CSS, Tableau, and Adobe Creative Suite 5.  Knowledge of container solutions, including Docker and their configuration and implementation best practices
 Experience: 5Minimum Education: Advanced degree Minimum Qualifications:.  Ability to articulate AI/ ML solutions in a compelling impact driven storytelling fashion that inspires trust and builds confidence.  Strong skillset in formulating insights around complex business problems with senior audiences.  Strong personal initiative and good judgment; desire to succeed in a demanding environment5+ years of experience managing software development teams3+ years of experience leading development of Data Science projects using advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence /  Machine Learning (AI/ ML) 3+ years industry experience in top-tier management consulting, investment banking, finance, corporate strategy, product management or related business fields3+ years of Python experience 3+ years of Database (SQL/ NOSQL) experience.  Experience building solutions on Spark or equivalent Big Data ML systems.  Experience building solutions at enterprise scale on cloud platforms (preferably AWS)A deep understanding of advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence /  Machine Learning (AI/ ML) landscape Comfortable with using Jira, Slack, SharePoint and other collaborative tools Desired .  Experience: Education: M.  Knowledge, experience, and skills: Deep Learning (i. , NLP) Spark, Scala, and Databricks Graph databases Building solutions that are delivered on OpenShift or similar container platform Technical/ product management and software experience AGILE or SCRUM certification MP Certification Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. 
 Additionally, applicants should have in-depth experience with problems such as text categorization, information extraction, question answering, text summarization, dialogue learning, machine translation, language. Your Impact: Partner with product managers to acknowledge customer requirements Conduct research (including reviewing relevant literature) and interface with our research team to identify appropriate solution candidates Develop prototypes, then design and carry out experiments to validate and improve the prototypes Bring the ideas to production Monitor model behaviors in production and iteratively improve quality of services over time Work on cutting-edge research in machine learning Minimum qualifications: MA/ MS or PhD degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech recognition, natural language processing, or related technical field such as operations research, computational mathematics, etc. Solid machine learning background and familiarity with machine learning techniques.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, Java, C/ C++.  Experience with one or more deep learning libraries and platforms (e. , TensorFlow, Caffe, or PyTorch) Industry experience in deep learning research or contributions in deep learning, machine learning, natural language understanding, or reinforcement learning Preferred qualifications: In particular, we are looking for experienced engineers with deep learning experience and domain expertise around natural language understanding (NLU), automatic speech recognition (ASR) to provide the best possible experience for our customers.  Experience designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production environments.  Experience in building speech recognition and natural language processing systems (e.  commercial or government-funded speech products) is a huge plusCan thrive in team environments; using agile methodology and interacting with Product Managers, Scientists and Engineers to solve technology s greatest challenges We value professional industry experience; advanced degrees alone do not replace real world experience.  Excellent communication, leadership, and collaboration skills 
 Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Experience in software applications and supply chain management processes as well as working knowledge of Enterprise Resource Planning systems.  Utilizes skill set to help less experienced team members adapt.  Ability to act with little daily instruction on tasks of diverse scope.  Advanced experience creating use cases, acceptance criteria and test plans/ cases.  Solid, proven experience in a procurement environment.  Strong oral & written communication skills.  Strong influence management skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Must be a U.  Experience in drought studies, understanding of climate and meteorology, water reservoirs and/ or river systems, water resources and planning.  Strong understanding of earth system modeling such as hydrological modeling, etc.  Experience in using computational tools such as Python, R, and GIS.  Experience in conducting online and field-based surveys and other user engagement methods.  Wed expect you to have the following educational background, but appropriate experience (above) may outweigh the education requirements:.  Masters degree, or higher, in an Earth Systems Science field such as Hydrology, Hydro-climatology, Geography, Water Resources Engineering, or Civil Engineering, or other related fields
The Center for Cancer Research (CCR), part of the intramural program in the National Cancer Institute (NCI) is seeking to fill a Senior Clinician (HS) position in the Molecular Imaging Program (MIP) with an outstanding radiologist with research experience and expertise in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), position emission tomography (PET) and artificial intelligence (AI).  Read more about CCR, the benefits of working at CCR and hear from our staff on their CCR experiences.  Experience Required:.  or equivalent medical degree and have substantial patient care, research, managerial, and mentoring experience
 Expert Business Process Manager (BPM) leads and oversees identifying and applying organizational resources to meet defined work objectives and deliverables.  Masters Degree in business administration, business operations, operations research, business management, or STEM.  Expert level experience in engineering, design and analysis of IT or related systems experience in all phases of design, development, analysis and documentation, and development of standards and guidelines for tasks being.  Expert-level working experience in government or industry in DoD/ IC Acquisition Process or.  Demonstrated experience providing guidance and direction in high technology programs.  Certifications (or equivalent experience) in Certified Business Process Professional (CBPP), Operations Research, Model Based Systems Engineering, Process innovation, value analysis or Enterprise process.  Experience establishing processes for solutions using Cloud-based.  Experience establishing processes for solutions using structured and unstructured Big.  Experience establishing processes for solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors or higher in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other relevant engineering or IT security field, or related equivalent additional experience.  12+ years of experience in government or industry within Cyber Security Engineering.  5+ years of experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using cloud-based technologies.  Masters degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other relevant engineering or IT security field.  12+ years of experience in government or industry leading enterprise-level cyber security efforts involving architecting, designing, development, and configuration of cloud- and on premise-based systems and software.  Experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
ResponsibilitiesCreate test plans and ensure adequate test coverage Integrate manual testing with automation to maximize efficiency and coverage Ensure any bugs are detected before deployment Troubleshooting and bug analysis Build automated test suites/ systems that apply industry best practices Skills Solid technical competency in Linux, IO fundamentals, systems administration, network configuration, including performance profiling and tuning Proficient with shell scripting, C++, and Python The ideal candidate will have experience with setting up automated test/ imaging/ deployment solutions Works well in a research environment: i.  Must have hands-on experience with test planning, design and execution, performance/ stress testing, as well as maintaining QA automation of client/ server systems.  Must have exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, in order to be able to work well with cross-functional teams and stakeholders with different levels of technical skills (such as Program Managers, Research Scientists, Research Assistants, and other engineering teams) Requirements Technical degree or equivalent experience5 years of individual contributor experience as a software developer/ engineer/ SDET.  Strong Linux skills Proficient in Python and bash scripting.  Experience with C/ C++About Q Analysts Join Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization.  Q Analysts provides industry-leading managed services that drive Quality for Quality Assurance and Testing of hardware devices, software apps and experiences as well as Ground Truth Data Services for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Experience Program.  Experience: Hardware Testing: 3 years (Required)C++: 5 years (Required)Automation testing : 5 years (Required)Python: 5 years (Required)Linux: 5 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's (Required)Work
 Were looking for a senior-level Computer Vision engineer with experience in three or more of the following items:
 Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications.  Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Math or a related field.  Minimum years of work experience: 5 years.  Required Skills.  3+ years of programming experience using Java, Scala or Python.  2+ years of experience with healthcare data standards (HL7 2.  Experience with Relational Database Systems.  Some experience with Big Data and related technologies.  Experience with XML, JSON, and related formats.  Experience with creating APIs and web services.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Ability to handle multiple responsibilities with rapidly changing priorities and deadlines.  Ability to interact with and accept direction from multiple managers and clients.  Ability to work independently.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Ability to define, plan and manage projects and supporting personnel.  Preferred Skills.  Experience developing secure, highly available, cloud applications (Azure).  Experience with SQL Server and Azure SQL.  Experience with HL7 FHIR protocol.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, or Crucible a plus (Atlassian toolset).  Experience with Git/ Bitbucket and Eclipse.  Experience collaborating with teams across multiple geographic locations and time zones.  Experience in being an active member of an Agile/ Scrum team.  Familiarity with Behavioral Driven Development (BDD).  Experience working in a cross-domain environment involving Java and other Open Source platforms
 7 plus years of progressively responsible experience in conducting advanced analytic modeling for large claims databases with real-world application,.  Experience in a healthcare setting or work with health care data such as claims, EMR, among others.  Strong experience using modeling tools such as R, PYTHON, SAS EDM, etc.  Ability to effectively communicate results of statistical models to broad audience, and convert findings to actionable applications.  Experience with external customers - conducting presentations, participating in strategy or QA meetings among others.  Strong written and verbal communication skills are needed, including the ability to ''translate'' analytic concepts, approaches and results for executive or lay audiences, and interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate to small and/ or large audiences (both internal and external to BHI).  Experience in communicating to a senior management audience and ability to drive consensus on complex, controversial issues.  Must have strong problem-solving skills, creativity, and strong attention to detail
 We are seeking a candidate with proven experience building data intensive systems to join our Data Team as a platform centric engineer and technical leader.  Knowledge of Continuous Delivery principles, automation, and testing practices.  Experience thoughtfully implementing security standards such as PCI or SOC.  Analytics or Machine Learning experience
 Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills.  5 years experience building and operating Azure public cloud solutions.  3 years of experience with Python 3, PowerShell.  Computer Engineering, Computer Science or relevant work experience.  Required Skills:.  Experience working in a Docker, Kubernetes; environment.  Experience with scripting language like Python, PowerShell etc.  Experience with Agile, Scrum and DevSecOps concepts.  Evidence of .  Experience integrating, testing, and deploying Azure Cloud Services into production systems e.  Preferred Skills:.  Ability to build, use and configure metrics collection, reporting and alerting systems.  Experience working as a Site Reliability Engineer or a similar role operating a highly scalable and distributed platform
 Requires 10 to 12 years with BS/ BA or 8 to 10 years with MS/ MA or 5 to 7 years with PhD.  PhD in Computer Science/ Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field and 5+ years relevant experience OR .  Masters degree with 7+ years relevant experience OR BS/ BA with 10+ years relevant experience.  Past experience as a technical/ integration lead on at least one major effort.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to support customer facing roles.  Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areas.  Past experience as a Principal Investigator (PI) on at least one major effort.  Past experience in business development including idea generation, whitepapers, and proposals.  Strong record of patents and/ or publications in peer-reviewed conferences or journals
 The ideal candidate will have a background in python, have experience working with large data sets, and have experience in building Machine Learning Platforms, applied Machine Learning and deploying data-driven solutions.  Experience rapidly deploying AI solutions to production on a DevOps-focused team.  Experience in building ML models and Data Pipelines at scale.  MS in Computer Science with 5 years experience or Phd with 2 years experience.  Python3 experience preferred.  Spark or Pyspark experience preferred.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.  Preferred experience with tools such as SparkML/ Kubernetes, some TensorFlow experience.  Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Spark).  Experience in AWS or GCP using tools such as EMR, S3, EC2, Deep Learning AMIs, SageMaker.  Knowledge of common data structures and ability to write efficient code in Python.  Proven knowledge of chatbot/ IVR landscape and hands-on experience utilizing API frameworks like Lex, Cortana, API
 Experience: 5.  Required Skills:1-2 years experience in a technical project management in a client-facing web environment; design/ digital agency experience preferred Understanding of development process: development, testing, and deployment as well as work breakdown, dependencies, responsibilities.  Experience running and documenting effective meeting sAttention to detail, and verbal and written communications for technical and non-technical audiences.  Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and other front-end web technologies.  Hands on experience is preferred.  Experience using MS Excel to perform insightful analysis and MS PowerPoint to create proposals and presentations Fluent in English.  Preferred Skills: PMP or PMI Certification is a plus Information Architecture design is a plus
 Experience is looking for a Senior Designer with a focus in User Research to join our growing team.  On a day-to-day basis, youll collaborate with a highly-skilled group of individuals that utilize the latest in voice-driven technology to deliver the future of healthcare user experiences.  Education: BS or higher in User .  Experience Design, Interaction Design, HCI or a UX design-related field.  Experience: 5+ years of experience developing complex B2B workflow applications, healthcare experience a plus.  Required Skills:.  Experience with conducting user research studies to inform the development of new and existing products
 Experience is looking for a Sr.  On a day-to-day basis, youll collaborate with a highly-skilled group of individuals that utilize the latest in voice-driven technology to deliver the future of healthcare user experiences.  Required Skills:.  6+ years of experience developing complex B2B workflow applications, healthcare experience a plus.  Education: BS or higher in User .  Experience Design, Interaction Design, HCI or a UX design-related field
 Each of our partners share our passion for building deeper connections and seamless experiences to inspire the world and create the future.  Qualifications: BA/ BS in public relations, communications, journalism, marketing or related field.  8+ years of progressive experience in corporate communications and PR (traditional, digital, social and print media; reputation management; crisis communications; internal communications), ideally in-house.  Must have technology experience and understanding of startups and startup culture.  Experience building executive thought leadership platforms
 Technical depth and previous hands on experience is strongly desired (preferably in Integration technologies but not mandatory).  Familiarity with on-premises as well as multi-tenant cloud architectures, security, user interface, agile development methodologies is a plus.  We also prefer you have experience in Application Integration for Oracle and/ or third-party Cloud/ On-premises applications as well as the emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) space applied to Integration.  Your experience should translate quickly into the evolving differentiation of these capabilities within Oracles Integration Portfolio.  5+ years experience in technology product management.  Proven track record of successful software product delivery.  Strong understanding of enterprise software and cloud computing with practical and deep hands-on experience in iPaaS, SaaS and/ or SOA products.  Strong understanding and/ or practical experience with AI/ ML technologies and trends.  Strong understanding of integrating with complex enterprise applications and integration frameworks/ interfaces.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work with a geographically distributed team.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience
 The GPU has also proven to be unbelievably effective at solving some of the most complex problems in computer science.  BA/ BS degree from a leading university in a Finance, Accounting, Economics or Business related field or relevant experience.  12+ years of experience in business strategy, finance or analytics.  6+ years of managing experience.  Advanced Excel skills essential as well as experience with visualization tools ie Tableau.  Meaningful experience in financial analysis and business modeling in the high tech industry.  Experience collaborating across a large organization to inspire change
 Must have and maintain at least one of the following certifications: Network+ or CISSP - Information Systems Security Engineering Professional (ISSEP).  Must be able to travel to other customer sites within in the continental United States.  Must be a US Citizen.  Must be able to obtain an agency-specific Public Trust (NACI) clearance prior to starting
 Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics.  Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python The ability to carry out analysis of systems, particularly radar and communication systems.  Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows.  Experience with programming of motion control systems and /  or microwave test equipment.  Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers An understanding of statistical methods in process control.  Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects.  Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs PREFERRED DEGREE TYPES AND EXPERIENCE: .  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics.  Master's Degree is preferred. Design or test experience with antennas and/ or radomes Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $151,000.  Experience: fundamental understanding of electromagnetics: 2 years (Required) Radome Design, Radome System: 5 years (Required)development and executing electromagnetic solvers: 1 year (Required)Electrical, Electromagnetic: 8 years (Required)FORTRAN/ LabView/ C++/ Python: 2 years (Required) Radome Performance analysis & randome performance analysis: 5 years (Required)modeling and predicting performance of RF windows: 6 years (Required)Principal Investigator for Independent R&D Projects: 2 years (Required)programing of motion control systems/ microwave equipment sys
Details The Senior Manager, Innovation is focused on improving client experience through internal and external innovations. Skills and .  Experience.  Bachelors degree required; advanced degree or legal/ consulting experience preferred Tenacious focus on adding value for clients.  Proven track record of innovation, preferably with experience in legal or consulting services.  Ability to champion innovation to a wide range of technical and non-technical audiences, including teaching, coaching, and mentoring junior staff Long-term vision, with ability to plan and execute shorter-term solutions Personable with excellent communication skills Equal Employment Opportunity/ M/ F/ disability/ protected veteran status Job Type: Full-time Salary: $75,000.  Experience: leadership level: 1 year (Preferred)innovation: 1 year (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking experienced Software Developers to join an Agile development team supporting a multi-year development endeavor.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in a technical discipline and a minimum of eight (8) years of enterprise-level, full software development lifecycle (SDLC) experience or a masters degree and minimum of six (6) years of the same.  Required Skills/ Qualifications (What You Must Have):.  Troubleshooting experience for complex data analytic systems.  Continuous Integration , Build Management, and Software Construction Tools experience.  Git experience (code change management).  Ruby, JRuby, Ruby on Rails (ROR), Python and JavaScript experience.  Java and C/ C++ programming experience.  Clustered environment ETL experience.  Technical understanding and/ or experience with big data and cloud concepts and technologies such as AWS and Hadoop.  Ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret (TS) level clearance.  Experience/  Skills (Nice to Have):.  Familiarity or experience with Machine Learning (ML) or Artificial Intelligence (AI) concepts
Hands-on technical experience debugging complex systems, experience troubleshooting involving networked devices, operating systems, and software packages.  Nice to have experience with continuous integration, continuous deployment tools and processes. Who you are You are an expert with at least 5+ years working in the industry, highly motivated, self-starting, mid-career individual with the desire and initiative to expand your skills in a highly critical and complex environment.  At minimum, we require: Significant scripting and automation experience with Python and Shell Script.  Experience with configuration of network routers, switches and other networking equipment.  Experience with virtualization and containerization platforms OpenStack, Docker and container orchestration Kubernetes.  Experience programming in Java or a similar language.  Experience with Golang is a plus.  Experience with scaling and operationalizing distributed data stores, file systems, and services.  Experience shipping solutions for both SaaS and on-premise deployments.  Strong verbal and written communication.  Strong analytical skills. Nice to have experience building and improving CI/ CD pipelines with Jenkins, SDLC tools, SonarQube and security testing tools.  Nice to have experience with orchestration and configuration management tools such as, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Terraform
 Experience with multi-disciplinary mathematical and statistical models via programming language to large datasets to extract patterns, relationships, and anticipated behavioral likelihoods.  Experience with developing tradecraft technology and training solutions for discovery, preparation, and manipulation of big data.  Experience with mathematical concepts and techniques to solve complex GEOINT analysis problem sets, understand concepts associated with structured data and relational databases.  Ability to identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and exploit multiple structured and unstructured data sets from various sources, including building or generating new data sets as appropriate.  Ability to interpret and evaluate the results of data science communitys methods models and algorithms, understanding the meaning, limitations and scope of the results, and translate them into insightful output for data science and mission and identifying other applications for use.  Ability to initiate the efficient implementation of methods, tools, and algorithms using a comprehensive range of technologies.  Ability to lead work unit proactively addressing and responding to the most difficult data science-related challenges in a timely manner while effectively balancing competing priorities.  Ability to write and brief to educate managers, senior internal officers and the IC.  BA or BS Degree.  Experience with building and maintaining databases of GEOINT, SIGINT, and OSINT that address key intelligence questions.  Experience working on specific intelligence issues.  Knowledge of GEOINT Tools.  MA or MS Degree
Wish you could apply your Machine Learning and Software Engineering experience to help dogs everywhere? Now you can.  Technical degree (BS/ MS/ PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics).  5+ years experience in machine learning and software development.  Experience with developing new machine learning models and deploying them to production.  Experience with the Python analytics tools suites (Pandas, numpy, Jupyter notebooks, etc.  Experience with machine learning (like scikit-learn) and deep learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch).  Strong experience in writing and maintaining production level code.  Experience with machine learning on time-series data.  If you also had these experiences, you'd knock it out of the dog park:.  Experience working with electronic medical records (EMRs).  Experience with natural language processing (NLP) and text mining.  Experience with statistical modeling, and hypothesis testing.  The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care
 7+ years of experience with increasing experience and responsibilities as a product marketing manager in digital health (e.  Proven experience working with clinical value propositions and communications/ messaging to champions and decision makers of clinical IT solution.  Strong understanding of digital technologies, AI, ML, mobile and web etc.  Experience launching multiple digital /  health products.  Experience driving stakeholder alignment across a diverse organization, influencing through persuasive written and verbal communication.  Excellent English in writing and spoken is a must
 Masters Degree or equivalent education in Science/ Technology or PharmD or equivalent education with extensive (typically 16 years) of related work;.  Experience in sophisticated business environments across EA frameworks.  At least 12 years of experience in a variety of IT roles including technical, application development, business systems, and data management.  Additional experience in setting IT Strategy, formal product evaluations, interactions with senior IT management, and managing multi?ë¦ivisional and cross?ë¦ivisional teams.  Proven ability to innovate with a history of new or improved technology solutions with remarkable impact on company productivity.  Experienced
 Strong track record of developing novel and scientifically sound solutions to solve real world problems.  Practical experience in one or more of the following areas: natural language understanding, machine learning, natural language question answering, content personalization, knowledge graphs, semantic web technologies, multi-modal dialog, and conversational systems.  Solid programming skills in C++ or Java, and/ or scripting languages in a Unix environment.  Practical experience with cleaning, manipulating, and analyzing large data sets.  Strong oral and written skills.  Ability to thrive as a self-driven employee who can follow tasks from conception to production
Responsibilities Create test plans and ensure adequate test coverage Integrate manual testing with automation to maximize efficiency and coverage Ensure any bugs are detected before deployment Troubleshooting and bug analysis Build automated test suites/ systems that apply industry best practices Skills Solid technical competency in Linux, IO fundamentals, systems administration, network configuration, including performance profiling and tuning Proficient with shell scripting, C++, and Python The ideal candidate will have experience with setting up automated test/ imaging/ deployment solutions Works well in a research environment: i.  Must have hands-on experience with test planning, design and execution, performance/ stress testing, as well as maintaining QA automation of client/ server systems.  Must have exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, in order to be able to work well with cross-functional teams and stakeholders with different levels of technical skills (such as Program Managers, Research Scientists, Research Assistants, and other engineering teams) RequirementsT echnical degree or equivalent experience5 years of individual contributor experience as a software developer/ engineer/ SDET.  Strong Linux skills Proficient in Python and bash scripting.  Experience with C/ C++About Q Analysts Join Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization.  Q Analysts provides industry-leading managed services that drive Quality for Quality Assurance and Testing of hardware devices, software apps and experiences as well as Ground Truth Data Services for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Experience Program.  Experience: Hardware Testing: 3 years (Required)C++: 5 years (Required)Automation testing : 5 years (Required)Python: 5 years (Required)Linux: 5 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's (Required)Work 
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  3-5 years experience and a .  Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience in Finance or Accounting.  MBA or Master's degree preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Accounting/ Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biology or a related discipline.  8+ years of experience in the Data Science and / or Digital Health space in a company ranging from start-ups to consulting firms with established Data Science practices or large Fortune 500 companies.  Experience in product management and leadership experience to design and execute on high impact data science projects /  platforms.  Proven project leadership in complicated context, able to influence and engage the strategic and technical partners.  Proven track record of partnership and leading in a matrix organization.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and written skills.  Familiarity with drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/ or text mining.  Experience with visualization software/ tools such as R, Spotfire, Tableau, etc
 Do you like wearing a bunch of different hats? Are you maybe a seasoned software developer whose interests run towards operations? Or maybe you are a seasoned system engineer with a little more formal development experience? Do you actually have a rainbow-colored horn growing out of your forehead?! Kazuhm is looking for a talented individual to become part of its core team of innovators and visionaries.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for and experience in creating next-generation distributed computing systems, containerized microservices, and scalable applications using bleeding-edge technologies.  Experience.  Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or related field.  10+ years of experience in multidisciplinary I.  Standard development tools and utilities: MS Code, Git, etc
 With robust offerings aligned with market trends such as automation, cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and user experience (UX), the company has been recognized with several awards in the area of innovation.  Ability to lead and manage projects.  4+ years professional experience.  Ability to analyze and interpret data, identify solutions, exercise independent judgment.  Excellent numerical ability.  Knowledge of and advanced skill in using personal computers and their applications such as MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, and other basic programs such as the use of internet and computer-based communication tools.  Ability to organize work and prioritize tasks.  Good verbal and written communications skills in English.  Trustworthy, honest, and cautious in handling sensitive information and documents and has proven personal and professional integrity.  Ability to work independently or with minimum supervision.  Excellent attendance record
 Experience Strategy & Transformation Professional Watson AI enhances the consumer experience by architecting experiences and building capabilities that will positively impact our customers.  Experience Strategy & Transformation Professional Watson AI work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of business processes or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.  Experience Strategy & Transformation Professional Watson AI position on the Watson AI conversational platform will lead experience improvement projects for an innovative AI (artificial intelligent) healthcare provider/ consumer experience that will drive the future vision of the company's core businesses.  Bachelor's degree in Communication, Technology or Business-related concentration.  4 years of related experience in Health Care or Health Care technology.  4 or more years' experience with full Project Management Life Cycle including large technology projects.  Working knowledge of Microsoft Office programs including MS Project and Visio.  Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks with concurrent deadlines.  Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences.  An analogous thinker, recognizing, connecting and leveraging patterns and trends of information and experiences that lead to potential process and future development enhancements.  Master's Degree.  Experience design experience.  Experience with Watson AI or other AI platforms
 We are looking for an experienced full-stack software engineer to develop systems that enable us to procure and process data for a wide variety of research projects.  Experienced in maintaining and scaling performant web applications.  Experienced in developing web crawlers and scrapers, and processing web-sourced data
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in Business, Business Analytics, or Information Technology Management.  3 years of demonstrated ability in data reporting, business or finance experience preferred.  Experience incorporating automation and data analytics to enhance business processes.  Strong familiarity with data structures, data development, and modeling techniques.  Strong communication skills both written and verbal.  Experience with Power BI, Tableau, or other visualization tool.  Experience with SAP, Cognos TM1 or other analytics tools is preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Accounting/ Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||
 Scrum Master for UST Global.  Must have Skills.  10 years of experience in IT and minimum 5 years scrum master role exp.  Should have Agile experience knowledge of key agile techniques including SAFe 4.  Experience with PI PSI planning and other SAFe and or Disciplined Agile Development DAD ceremonies.  Experience leading Agile Scrum teams servicing as a Scrum Master.  Knowledge and or experience with widely successful Agile techniques User Stories, ATDD, TDD, BDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Agile Games Applicable knowledge of the technologies used by the team.  Experience applying a wide variety of well documented patterns and techniques for filling in the intentional gaps left in the Scrum approach example numerous burn down techniques, numerous retrospective formats, handling bugs etc.  Experience being on multiple Scrum teams in a variety of different contexts different team sizes, different organizations, different cultures, co located vs. Foundational knowledge of Scrum Master tool set Jira, Confluence, Zoom, etc.  We will offer an attractive package which will be based on your experience and profile, including a competitive salary, a performance related annual bonus and additional benefits
How would you like to impact the experience of 800 million users per month? Be on the forefront of digital transformation? Do you enjoy work in a start-up like environment? Innovate using Bots, AI and Voice? The Digital & Data Support Business Unit (D2SBU) was recently created to accelerate the Customer Service and Support digital transformation: we are creating a world class support experience for our customers, empower customers to self-solve more of their issues and be more satisfied with their self-help experience.  In addition we are developing rich and advanced experience for our engineers and advocate to be able to support our customers and creating friction free advanced support.  The D2SBU Engineering team design and build software features, services, diagnostics and products to provide digital support experiences to customers and support engineers.  We are actively hiring for Software Engineers to join the D2SBU Engineering team that is responsible for the design and development of software features, services, diagnostics and products to provide digital support experiences to customers and support engineers.  Experiences + Devices (E+D), Cloud + Artificial intelligence (C+AI), and Modern Life + Gaming workstreams and offers the ability to focus on customer scenarios spanning multiple backend platforms that are the basis of Microsofts Azure, Office 365, and Gaming experiences.  We are looking for Senior Software Engineers that are naturally curious and has experience building features and capabilities on large-scale services.  You will redefine customer's online support experience built upon machine learning and artificial intelligence.  A successful candidate should have experience in all phases of the development cycle and will leverage this experience to design, build, deploy, and maintain online support features for customers.  You will have the opportunity to apply your deep technical expertise to enable a great customer experience and to mentor members of the team.  This is not merely knowing the latest and greatest language developments, but demonstrating a passion for technology, a curiosity to ?ì¤o deep, and an ability to quickly learn and build upon past experiences, to be able to extrapolate from those experiences, and deliver innovations.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering IT technical discipline or equivalent engineering/ software/ services experience.  6+ years of experience as a software engineer or software developer.  Experience coding and debugging in languages such as C#, C++, Java, or similar modern development languages.  Strong written & oral communication skills.  Knowledge of frameworks such as Angular.  Experience with big data solutions, technologies, and analysis tools such as Azure Data lake, Azure Data factory, Hadoop, R-server, Python, etc
 We are looking for an experienced sales or business development professional who can create awareness and establish thought leadership for CG products used in targeted applications and vertical markets such as cloud, telecom, enterprise and Embedded.  Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related plus 10 years of industry work experience, or a Master's degree Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related plus 8 years of industry work experience, or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field plus 2 years of industry work experience.  10+ years of experience in sales support which include business plan development, account planning, account management, technology mapping to business issues, sales pitch and demo delivery.  10+ years of experience in business development activities which include messaging, competitive and market segment analysis, account penetration planning, direct sales, and technical leadership.  10+ years of experience and understanding of communication/ networking markets and Ethernet products
 Masters Degree + 3 years experience OR .  Bachelors Degree + 5 years experience in Computer Science, Data Analytics or related quantitative field.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using Python, R or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, deep learning etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to higher-level business insights and key takeaways.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components.  PhD Degree in Computer Science, Data Analytics or related quantitative field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark, Scala, or Microsoft Azure.  Industrial experience in building and implementing end-to-end data science solutions.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting.  Experience with clinical claims Episode Treatment Groupers.  Consumers expect more personalized and holistic experiences from their health partners.  Humanas Enterprise Clinical Operating Model (ECOM), is a multi-year strategy with the goal of improving member experiences and health outcomes through better integrating Humana's processes, technology and clinical capabilities
Digital Health and Analytics is a new area of Humana, focused on transforming the health experience for Humana members through the use of technology and analytics.  The ideal candidate will have experience in successfully applying machine learning techniques to address business needs, conducting experiments in an applied healthcare setting, and employing innovative and creative methods for overcoming constraints.  Masters Degree + 3 years experience OR .  Bachelors Degree + 5 years experience in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, Data Analytics or related quantitative field.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using Python, R or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, deep learning etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to higher-level business insights and key takeaways.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  Ability to make decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components.  Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving customer and member experiences.  PhD Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark, Scal, or Microsoft Azure.  Industrial experience in building and implementing end-to-end data science solutions.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting
 Digital Health and Analytics is a new area of Humana, focused on transforming the health experience for Humana members through the use of technology and analytics.  The ideal candidate will have experience conducting experiments in an applied healthcare setting, demonstrated innovative and creative methods for overcoming testing constraints, as well as successfully applying machine learning techniques to address business needs.  Masters Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 2 years of related experience.  3 years technical experience.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using R, Python or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to higher-level business insights and key takeaways.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  PhD Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark, Scala, or Microsoft Azure.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting
 Experience Center is transforming Humana into a human-centered, tech-driven company.  We are accomplishing this by developing experience-first healthcare software rapidly, flexibly and iteratively.  The Senior AI/ ML Engineer will work alongside data scientists, software developers, designers, and product managers to identify, validate, and adopt new technologies, tools, and practices, and turn these into human-centered experiences for Humana members.  Experience Center.  Experience Center has a strong intuitive grasp of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) as well as core engineering skills (e.  Work to continuously improve our service delivery and capabilities to deliver impactful experiences in the products we deliver to market.  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field.  5 or more years of experience designing, developing, and testing of software applications and/ or infrastructure.  3 or more years of machine learning engineering experience.  Experience writing maintainable, testable, production-grade Python code.  Experience working with big data platforms (e.  Experience working with big data file formats (e.  Proficient in SQL and creating ETL processes (any of MSSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL).  Experience working in Azure cloud learning environment, including deployment of models to production.  Experience with Agile, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, TDD, Git.  Comfortable with Linux-based operating systems Desired Skills.  Ability to work in a collaborative environment:.  Ability to travel as-needed to meet with team members (typically less than 5% travel).  Experience with large-scale machine learning (100GB+ datasets).  Experience with deep learning libraries and frameworks (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch etc.  Master's Degree
 By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best.  We are seeking candidates with a depth of knowledge in statistics, as well as hands-on experience building a range of predictive models using artificial intelligence and machine learning.  Ideal candidate will possess a PhD with at least 3+ years of data science expertise; However candidates with equivalent and relevant years of experience in lieu of Post graduate Degree will be reviewed.  Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.  Strong algorithmic problem solving and software development skills (R, Python, or similar).  Demonstrated experience and accomplishments in the use of data mining, machine learning, and predictive analytics to address real-life problems.  Past experience in analyzing large scale data and distributed algorithms.  Excellent analytical, communication (both verbal and written), interpersonal, and organizational skills.  Must be able to communicate effectively and clearly present technical approaches and findings
 We build our own products and release them with a speed and agility that allows us to get new customer experiences to market quickly.  Plus, youll be given time to support the next generation of technologists by volunteering with youth programs like Capital One Coders - our engineer-led experience that teaches middle school students in underserved communities how to code.  Youll work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems.  Youll collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions to drive powerful experiences that help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment.  You are passionate about current state-of-the-art software technologies and tools, with experience implementing them effectively.  You are passionately focused on the customer and the details that make their experience exceptional.  At least 5 years of experience in application development.  At least 2 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper).  Master's Degree.  8+ years of experience in application development.  2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices.  5+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions.  5+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell).  5+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems.  5+ years of experience with UNIX/ Linux.  5+ years of experience providing technical leadership on relevant applications.  2-years of experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink,.  2+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud.  2+ years of experience with Ansible /  Terraform.  1+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive and, Hbase).  1+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo and Cassandra).  At least 1 year of people management experience
 This position requires strong leadership and technical skills in submarine acoustics.  Additional skills in software system architecting and enterprise application integration would be beneficial.  The Senior Acoustic Technical Lead has prior experience in detection and classification of various signals using current submarine systems and an understanding of the design/ architecture/ concept of AI/ ML systems and use of cloud solutions.  Required Skills:.  BA/ BS degree in Computer Science/ Engineering or a related Science/ Information Technology field.  4 years of experience with acoustic detection and classification systems used by the US Navy.  Knowledge of cloud architecture, cloud-based solutions and migrating existing workloads to the cloud, preferably on Azure or AWS.  Demonstrated cross-functional team collaboration skills in a rapidly changing, high intensity, mission-oriented work environment.  Experience leading and collaborating with third party vendors.  Experience developing Architecture and Data Flow Diagrams using graphing programs (e.  Familiarity with Windows and Linux operating systems.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to travel (10%) to mostly CONUS locations.  Ability to quickly grasp and implement new technologies.  Desired Skills:.  Master's degree in Acoustics/ Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience as an Acoustic Intelligence (ACINT) specialist.  Experience utilizing containerization technologies (e.  Experience with DevSecOps frameworks.  Experience utilizing big data and cloud tools and technologies.  Experience working with Cloud Technologies (Azure, GCP, AWS).  Experience working with Department of Defense organizations or performers
 Experience:.  At least 8 years of relevant professional experience, including 5 years in software product management.  Experience in enterprise software is a plus.  Proven experience in data science, natural language processing (NLP), machine learning (ML), artificial intelligence (AI) and/ or analytics.  Must be experienced at working iteratively in an agile or lean environment, and able to break down large problems into smaller valuable increments.  Must excel working self-directed, within a fast-paced incubator-like environment ??individually, in small teams, or across functional groups.  Domain experience in systems engineering, particularly in regulated industries, is a plus - Our customers build life-critical hardware/ software systems
 You will provide senior development experience for the product team, working closely with internal stakeholders and end users to design and implement this solution using the latest microservice technologies.  As a team member, you will: Influence design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacks Work on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environment Build and deploy K8s containers and integrating with emulated hardware systems Deliver high quality product features exceeding client expectations Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Find comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to assist and mentor junior developers.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes configurations CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test Software development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/ Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 3+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/ CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectively Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.  Experience: relevant: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 You are a senior developer who is passionate about creating a fantastic home-search experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  Proven track record working in top talent and high performance environments.  5+ years experience with NPM & JavaScript including modern frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue.  Experience with Redux, ES6, Webpack is a plus.  In-depth experience with agile methodologies and automated testing with some exposure to TDD & pair programming.  Familiarity with containerization, microservices architecture, continuous integration and delivery is a plus
 You will provide senior development experience for the product team, working closely with internal stakeholders and end users to design and implement this solution using the latest microservice technologies.  As a team member, you will: Influence design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacks Work on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environment Build and deploy K8s containers and integrating with emulated hardware systems Deliver high quality product features exceeding client expectations Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Find comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to assist and mentor junior developers.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes configurations CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test Software development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/ Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently qualifications: .  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 3+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/ CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob 
 Education, Skills and Qualification.  Experience, Qualifications, and Skills.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field, 12+ years in information technology and 5+ years data architecture experience across OLTP, reporting, analytics and/ or data science.  Prior work experience as a Data Architect, Data Modeler, Data Scientist, Data Analyst or similar roles.  Extensive experience with enterprise data architecture for transactional systems, analytical platforms, information life cycle management, master data management, data governance framework, data replication, data integration and large-scale data migration.  Experience gathering and analyzing non-functional requirements and designing world class performing data solutions.  Deep experience with relational and non-relational data platforms, Data Lake concepts, modern ETL/ ELT Automation Techniques, Data Cataloging, etc.  Extensive experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence applications and Data Science development languages (R, Python, etc).  Familiarity with data visualization and self-service BI/ data warehousing/  advanced analytics tools.  Ability to lead design activities, and influence engineering and product directions.  Ability to interact with external DBAs, data engineers, product managers, business.  Ability to influence across multiple organizational levels including senior leadership.  Ability to interact with all levels of an organization.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Experience, Qualifications, and Skills.  Experience in the FinTech space desirable
 Masters degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Biotechnology or related scientific disciplines with at least 3 years of clinical programming experience.  Proven knowledge and training in high level computing languages such as.  Database programming experience is a plus.  Strong communication skills and coordination skills
Boeing Intelligence & Analytics (BI&A) is seeking experienced Software Developers to join an Agile development team supporting a multi-year development endeavor.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in a technical discipline and a minimum of eight (8) years of enterprise-level, full software development lifecycle (SDLC) experience or a masters degree and minimum of six (6) years of the same.  Required Skills/ Qualifications (What You Must Have):.  Troubleshooting experience for complex data analytic systems.  Continuous Integration , Build Management, and Software Construction Tools experience.  Git experience (code change management).  Ruby, JRuby, Ruby on Rails (ROR), Python and JavaScript experience.  Java and C/ C++ programming experience.  Clustered environment ETL experience.  Technical understanding and/ or experience with big data and cloud concepts and technologies such as AWS and Hadoop.  Ability and willingness to obtain a Top Secret (TS) level clearance.  Experience/  Skills (Nice to Have):.  Familiarity or experience with Machine Learning (ML) or Artificial Intelligence (AI) concepts
 Providing mentoring and training of Client s Agile Coaches Participate in the Agile Coach community groups to share best practices and ways of working  Collaborate with the Agile COE to recommend, test, and establish practices and principles for Agile at scale 3Provide continuous feedback on the Client s operating model and practices from both prior experience and observations from ongoing implementation and coaching Coach experience.  Experience in coaching Agile teams through the adoption of agile practices in multiple prior engagements.  Experience in one or more large scale Agile transformation programs within multi national finance organizations Deep background in coaching and developing people and teams, influencing behavior change and establishing sustainability through cultural change.  Experience coaching agile teams across business and technology, aligning teams with business KPI to drive value Coach characteristics
 Bachelor's degree preferred.  8-10 years related work experience required.  Strong knowledge of clinical workflows.  2-3 years of experience in management clinical applications development.  Ability to make decisions that are guided by precedents, policies and objectives.  Ability to address problems that are highly varied, complex and often non-recurring, requiring staff input, innovative, creative, and Lean diagnostic techniques to resolve issues.  Ability to set goals and determines how to accomplish defined results with some guidelines.  Ability to summarize and communicate in English moderately complex information in varied written formats to internal and external customers.  Ability to comprehend and communicate complex verbal information in English to medical center staff, patients, families and external customers.  Ability to demonstrate in-depth knowledge of concepts, practices and policies with the ability to use them in complex varied situations.  Ability to lead collaborative teams for larger projects or groups both internal and external to the Medical Center and across functional areas.  Ability to provide a high level of customer service and staff training to meet customer service standards and expectations for the assigned unit(s)
 General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics.  Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python.  Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows.  Experience with programming of motion control systems and /  or microwave test equipment.  Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers.  Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects.  Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics.  Master's Degree is preferred.  Design or test experience with antennas and/ or radomes
 You will provide senior development experience for the product team, working closely with internal stakeholders and end users to design and implement this solution using the latest microservice technologies.  As a team member, you will: Influence design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacks Work on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environment Build and deploy K8s containers and integrating with emulated hardware systems Deliver high quality product features exceeding client expectations Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Find comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to assist and mentor junior developers.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes configurations CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test Software development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/ Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently qualifications: .  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 3+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/ CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectively Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $120,000.  Experience: relevant: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 As a team member, you will: Lead the technical integration and implementation of our product solution at the clients software integration laboratory Influence design and implement a modern software application built with cloud microservice and containerized technology stacks Work on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environment Build and deploy Kubernetes containers and integrating with emulated hardware systems Deliver high quality product features exceeding client expectations Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Work on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or engineering degree or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to rapidly respond to customer needs.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes to on premise hardware CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test Software development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: hardware test orchestration, on-device testing, edge computing distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 3+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/ CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectively Job Type: Full-timeSalary: $115,000.  Experience: relevant: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's (
An abundance of demonstrable experience in new business development, contract negotiation and account commercial growth in a B2B or digital agency environment at a mid-senior level.  Experience in forging and maintaining relationships with senior level executives in large corporations.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with experience in communicating with C-suite client contacts.  Strong commercial and sales skills and a natural ability to spot opportunities for revenue generation.  Strong numeracy skills in a commercial capacity.  Excellent communication skills.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Excellent attention to detail
 We are seeking a candidate with proven experience building data intensive systems to join our Data Team as a platform centric engineer and technical leader.  Knowledge of Continuous Delivery principles, automation, and testing practices.  Experience thoughtfully implementing security standards such as PCI or SOC.  Analytics or Machine Learning experience
5+ year of hands-on experience conducting UX research for complex interactive software applications. BA/ BS in psychology, sociology, anthropology, human computer interaction or related discipline. A strong portfolio demonstrating past work experience, deliverables, and the ability to extract actionable insights from qualitative and quantitative data.  The foundation of the SageMaker user experience is the industry standard, open-source Jupyter Notebook. Work closely with the design and product management teams to define, measure and communicate UX research metrics and guidelines around the various customer experience solutions evaluated.  Masters degree in human factors, cognitive psychology, cognitive science, human-centered design, anthropology, or related discipline. Hands-on experience with a wide range of research methodologies and approaches, including card sorting, tree testing, prototype testing, concept evaluation, think aloud usability studies, surveys, semi-structured interviews, etc.  Strong behavioral research and analysis skills, (designing, conducting, and analyzing data from different kinds of research methodologies.  Strong communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate complex concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization.  Ability to organize, plan, and stay ahead of the work. Prior design UX research experience in the field of data science, developer tools, and machine learning tools.  Strong command of quantitative, behavioral analysis and statistics.  Experience with agile software development and how UX research fits in.  Experience with and knowledge of data visualization
10+ years of experience as a user experience designer, interaction designer, information architect, or similar UX-related role An online portfolio or samples of work demonstrating relevant experience Fluency in best practices for information architecture and interaction design, user-centered design process, as well as strong knowledge of user experience principles and techniques.  Familiarity with user interface patterns for web, mobile and service design8+ years of design management experience.  At Amazon, weve been investing deeply in artificial intelligence for over 20 years, and many of the capabilities customers experience are driven by machine learning.  Alexa is fueled by Natural Language Understanding and Automated Speech Recognition deep learning; as is our drone initiative, Prime Air, and the computer vision technology in our new retail experience, Amazon Go.  The ideal candidate has experience in digital enterprise products or software as a service, with strong blue sky/ ideation skills, robust holistic systems thinking, deep attention to detail, and passion for making difficult tasks into simple and delightful experiences for customers.  Collaboration and product ownership is essential, requiring you to be a great communicator, and successfully present and align with the service and user experience team.  Additionally, you must be able to work with ambiguity and deliver designs that elevate the AWS customer experience.  Experience with ux design for complex workflows and/ or for technical end users.  Strong time management skills and the ability to be self-directed when needed Solid written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present a strong rationale for design decisions .  Bachelors degree or graduate degree in interaction design, human-computer interaction (HCI), or a related UX degree
 Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology or related discipline.  5+ years working experience in QA Automation and 8+ years in QA in general.  Experience in writing, executing and monitoring automated test suites using a variety of technologies including, but not limited to Jmeter and Blazemeter.  Proven track record implementing load and performance testing strategies and reporting solutions.  Experience contributing to a testing roadmap.  Experience with TFS or Azure DevOps, Agile process improvement, CI/ CD automation, MS Build, NPM or other packages.  Ability to work in complex pre-production environments.  This job description is designed to contain a condensed overview of the skills and experience applicable to the successful performance of this role.  With more than 85,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience
 We are seeking a leader passionate in user experience and skilled in fast paced execution to deliver our vision for reinventing meetings and meeting culture to be more effective, inclusive, and fun, through new experiences, technologies, and intelligence.  Develop feature roadmap that balances business, experience, and technical.  Produce collateral for our field and the press to use to bolster our claims that Teams Meeting and Calling experiences provide the best audiovisual quality.  Ability to travel to Prague, Czech Republic or Bangalore, India periodically.  Strong desire to succeed and motivate others through inspirational leadership and data.  Ability to consider upstream and downstream process impacts and implications.  Ability to establish and manage priorities in a high pace environment.  Proven ability to execute swiftly without compromising experience and quality.  Ability to do public speaking in a wide variety of venues .  Ability to work with executives internally and from some of the largest companies in the world.  Experience and education required:.  Bachelor's Degree along with degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Human Factors.  5+ years of experience shipping software technology products and services
, Vehicle Operating System) for the next-generation vehicles that provide immersive digital experience, L2-L4 autonomous driving capabilities, high-speed data processing, and cloud-driven and 5G-based on-car and off-car applications.  A domain expert with 5+ years of experience in software or firmware development, and 2+ years of experience in technical program management.  Working experience with breaking down large & complex projects into multiple working streams with clear definitions of inter-dependency, priorities, milestones, and resource allocation.  Strong capability of driving on-time delivery of complex programs end to end, including thorough planning, sprint management, sorting out dependencies, identifying potential risks, and helping the team unblock blockers, etc.  Experienced with establishing strong partnerships across multi-disciplinary teams and demonstrated critical thinking.  Strong CAN DO attitude, and able to work effectively in a fast pace environment with competing resources and priorities.  Experience with working with oversea teams.  Experience with leading technical programs of building large scale software platform and/ or infrastructure for many engineering teams to use.  Experience with Functional Safety related product development, and knowledgeable about MISRA and ISO26262.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 6+ years of experience with performing data analysis and statistical modeling, including collecting and analyzing data and providing recommendations using dashboards, visualizations, or reports for QlikSense, Tableau, or BI Platforms.  Experience with using SQL to develop ETL pipelines and data manipulation scripts.  Experience with modern relational databases, including MySQL or PostgreSQL.  Experience with overseeing the gathering of requirements and identification of appropriate data sources to address the specific requirements of projects for monitoring, characterization, analysis, and modeling.  Knowledge of project management with Scrum Agile development.  Knowledge of leading teams, reviewing work, and helping the team to achieve tight deadlines.  Ability to work on cross functional projects and teams successfully.  BA or BS degree required.  Experience with Python, R, VBA, or a similar language.  Experience with Big Data systems, including Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, or Cloudera.  Experience with facilitating BI tool training.  Experience with DoD Data Management to manipulate and integrate databases with SQL, SAS, or other languages.  Experience with building robust analytical models, including forecasts, cost models, and historical trend analyses.  Experience with briefing senior leadership.  Ability to comprehend stakeholder needs effectively, communicate development plans, and track progress milestones.  Ability to navigate a complex matrix environment and manage competing priorities
 Validate the framework with test nodes at first before wide scale deployment.  BS or MS degree in electrical engineering /  computer science related discipline or equivalent work experience.  7+ years industry experience.  Knowledge of docker containers & Kubernetes.  Strong programming skills in C++ & Python.  Ability to learn fast & debug complex system issues.  Ability to adapt quickly to varying roles & responsibilities.  Strong communication skills & a great teammate.  Experience building technical ownership in a cross organizational, multi-disciplinary team
 BS or MS degree in electrical engineering /  computer science related discipline.  5+ years industry experience.  Strong programming skills in C, C++, python.  Ability to learn fast & debug complex system issues.  Ability to adapt quickly to varying roles & responsibilities.  Strong communication skills & a great teammate.  Experience interacting & working with component vendors
 Strong understanding of operating systems and low-level hardware interaction.  Excellent programming skills in C/ C++ or Ada/ SPARK.  Ability to pick up new languages and workflows.  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and an excellent attention to detail.  Ability to innovate in a heavily constrained environment.  BS or MS with 3+ years of experience, and strong verbal and written interpersonal skills.  Experience with IEC 61508, ISO 13849, ISO 26262 or equivalent quality/ safety processes.  Experience in working with DDS or other distributed messaging middleware.  Familiarity with heterogeneous compute architectures on modern SoCs
 Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Bachelor's degree in Mechanical or Materials Engineering.  Secondarily, create and maintain process, material, and equipment specifications for adhesive bonding and coating applications (Epoxy & Polymer experience).  Ability to apply principles of chemistry, physics, and material behavior to develop metallic, non-metallic and composite material and processing specifications for fabrication and assembly processes.  Bachelor's degree in Mechanical or Materials Engineering.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Technical depth and previous hands on experience is strongly desired (preferably in Integration technologies but not mandatory).  Familiarity with on-premises as well as multi-tenant cloud architectures, security, user interface, agile development methodologies is a plus.  We also prefer you have experience in Application Integration for Oracle and/ or third-party Cloud/ On-premises applications as well as the emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) space applied to Integration.  Your experience should translate quickly into the evolving differentiation of these capabilities within Oracles Integration Portfolio.  5+ years experience in technology product management.  Proven track record of successful software product delivery.  Strong understanding of enterprise software and cloud computing with practical and deep hands-on experience in iPaaS, SaaS and/ or SOA products.  Strong understanding and/ or practical experience with AI/ ML technologies and trends.  Strong understanding of integrating with complex enterprise applications and integration frameworks/ interfaces.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work with a geographically distributed team.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/ business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience
 Nexthink is the global leader in digital employee experience management.  Our products allow enterprises to create highly productive digital workplaces for their employees by delivering optimal end-user experiences.  We are committed to hiring a genuinely representative workforce that can create solutions and foster innovation for the modern digital employee experience.  6 or more years of relevant attorney experience as in-house counsel (prior experience at a law firm is an asset);.  Substantial experience in the enterprise software licensing industry (with expertise in various licensing models, products and services); including experience with enterprise transactions, on-premises licensing, cloud/ SaaS offerings, OEM, open source software and software development practices;.  Experience working closely and effectively with sales teams in deadline-driven environments, and effectively managing quarter-end and year-end responsibilities;.  Excellent understanding of regulatory issues impacting global software company, in particular domestic and international privacy and data protection standards (including handling security questionnaires from customers and negotiating DPAs, as applicable);.  Ability to work as a team-player, with people of diverse cultures and backgrounds, across a variety of business and product disciplines;.  Ability to quickly grasp business objectives, prioritize and organize work autonomously;.  Ability to develop a thorough understanding of company products and services;.  Strong ethical practice and commitment to professional responsibility;.  Experience in implementing tools and solutions to modernize processes and controls within a Legal team or other organization.  Excellent user of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel and PowerPoint), experience with SharePoint and Salesforce would be a plus
 BA/ BS degree or equivalent work experience.  8 years marketing experience.  5+ years of product marketing experience in the B2B SaaS space.  Experience in one or more of the following categories: Text Analytics, Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Document or Content Management, Contract Lifecycle Management, Legal Operations, Information Security Operations.  Proven ability to understand and simplify complex, technical topics for non-technical audiences
 Our mission is to provide a seamless sign-up, login, and authentication experience for every user of our growing number of products and web services, including agents, consumers, staff and, eventually, 3rd party developers.  You are a senior full stack engineer who is passionate about creating a fantastic user experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  6+ years of experience writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  6+ years of experience programming in languages like Java, Python, and Go (we use all three here at Compass).  Experience designing larger systems: particularly web services and RESTful APIs, microservice architectures, and data ingestion with a particular emphasis of industry-standard best practices.  In-depth understanding and hands-on experience with PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Memcached.  Experienced with AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, and Kinesis.  Familiarity and hands-on experience with Javascript and frontend frameworks
 Yummly is seeking a seasoned and experienced Senior iOS Developer to join our food-obsessed team and help to lead the iOS function in developing the next phase of category-defining smart cooking and connected kitchen products.  Join the Yummly Team in crafting great experiences that help home cooks plan, prep, and cook meals faster and easier through smart personalized guidance.  We want you to elevate our mobile app user experience to the next level through your passion for future-tech user-centric development awesomeness, and create the most comprehensive food management suite in the world.  Required Skills:.  7+ years of experience in the software development industry.  5+ years of experience in mobile app development, with strong programming and architectural design skills.  Strong technical skills in iOS development with Swift and Objective-C.  Have your own app development portfolio that demonstrates real-life experience with mainstream mobile apps used by a broad consumer install base.  Hands-on experience in the Agile development process.  Excellent communication skills, both oral and written.  Bachelor's degree in Software/ Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related field, or comparable relevant experience.  Preferred Optional Skills:.  Hands-on experience with test-driven development and continuous integration.  Experience with test automation.  Experience with RESTful web services.  Experience with Bluetooth and general love of electronics.  Start up experience
 He loves to share his experience where it can be helpful but also wants to learn from everyone on the team including you.  Ability to work from home.  Experience.  Experience with a payment processor like Stripe, Braintree or other.  Ecommerce experience.  Strongly Preferred.  Knowledge of SRP, AOP and SOLID.  Shopify experience.  GA/ GTM experience
 The ideal candidate will have at least 5+ years of experience working at a Cloud/ SaaS company.  Must Have:.  Ability to write clean Java or Go code.  5+ years of experience leading Java/ Go based development projects.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field required; master's degree is a plus.  Knowledge of micro services.  Experience with workflow/ orchestration engine.  Experience with distribution system.  Experience with K8S.  AWS experience.  Startup experience
We are looking for a senior software engineer to build a Robust Validation Framework for our Robotics stack! For two decades, we have pioneered visual computing, the art and science of computer graphics.  BS, MS, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, or equivalent.  8+ of industry experience in relevant technologies.  Hands-on experience working with simulators, designing and building validation frameworks for machine learning & deep learning, autonomous vehicles or robotics stack, and working with cloud technologies.  Excellent data analysis skills and hold on scripting languages .  Strong oral and written communication skills are required.  Solid understanding and working experience with running simulators on cloud environments and scaling applications using cloud
 BS, MS, or PhD degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Engineering or equivalent experience.  8+ of experience in relevant technologies.  Hands on experience with developing Pub-Sub software and working with SQL and NoSQL Databases.  Excellent understanding of processing data on distributed platforms.  Knowledge of Big Data Technologies like Hadoop, Kafka and Spark.  Strong oral and written communication skills are required
 Experience:.  Three (3) or more years of data analytics project experience, required Prior financial and/ or economic analysis, business valuation, public accounting, forensic technology, consulting or law enforcement experience, preferred UiPath experience, preferred.  Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning, preferred.  License/ Certifications:.  Experience with .  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong analytical skills and basic research skills related to the retrieval and organization of high volumes of information Solid organizational skills especially ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Proven ability to work in a deadline-driven environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm.  Ability to encourage team environment on engagements and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel Executive presence and ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.  Ability to travel as necessary
 Experience:.  Three (3) or more years of data analytics project experience, required Prior financial and/ or economic analysis, business valuation, public accounting, forensic technology, consulting or law enforcement experience, preferred UiPath experience, preferred.  Experience with artificial intelligence and machine learning, preferred.  License/ Certifications:.  Experience with .  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong analytical skills and basic research skills related to the retrieval and organization of high volumes of information Solid organizational skills especially ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Proven ability to work in a deadline-driven environment and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the firm.  Ability to encourage team environment on engagements and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel Executive presence and ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.  Ability to travel as necessary
 Strong programming skills, especially in Python with 10+ years of relevant experience in a programming intensive role.  MS degree or higher in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields.  Experience with distributed computing platforms, particularly Kubernetes or the Hadoop/ Spark ecosystem.  Experience building and deploying containers.  Familiarity with major cloud computing services.  Good C/ C++ coding experience.  Familiarity with CUDA and GPU programming (if you know it, great, if not - we're happy to teach you!)
 Bachelors degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Youll be a key contributor supporting the GDMS network environment such as routers, switches, circuits, firewalls, wireless, intrusion prevention devices, etc.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in computer science or related field; or equivalent plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Knowledge and experience in a single network domain and fully understands process applications within domain of expertise.  Expert knowledge of a second network domain and the interconnections within the enterprise.  Preferred experience includes:.  Excellent troubleshooting skills.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Knowledge of network monitoring methodologies.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Meet professional expectations, develop industry proficiency to deliver exceptional audit quality and client service.  Demonstrate experience working independently as well as a project team supervisor, team leader.  Bachelors degree in Accounting or related field.  Must meet minimum requirements of 120 hours toward CPA eligibility before beginning full-time employment.  At least three (3) years demonstrated public accounting or equivalent experience.  Ability to travel on an exception-basis (While travel could be a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice).  Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.  Advanced degree in accounting or related field.  Experience with a regional or Big 4 accounting firm.  We offer learning opportunities to help you sharpen your skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  We also suggest that you brush up on your behavioral interviewing skills and practice discussing your experience and job history with a family member, friend, or mentor
 tools and techniques) to improve wireless communication systems optimization and meet government requirements Documenting system configurations, algorithm descriptions, and protocol specifications for reports and publication materials Managing and maintaining a smooth operation of network environments while working with an interdisciplinary team of systems, network, software, and hardware engineers Minimum Qualifications10+ years of experience with a B.  graduates with relevant publications and experiences welcome Sufficient expertise in various LTE and/ or 5G standards such as 5G Small Cell Forum and Software Defined Networking (SDN)High proficiency in C/  C++/  Python Moderate proficiency in MATLAB.  Ability to balance multiple priorities in a fast-paced, highly collaborative, frequently changing, and sometimes ambiguous environment.  Excellent analytical, communication, and documentation skills with demonstrated ability to collaborate across multiple teams Dedication to excellence Preferred Qualifications Open Air Interface (OAI) open source software Extensive knowledge of, and experience with military communication systems such as Link-16, CDL, TCDL, MADL, TTNT, SRW, etc. Programming experience with CORE and/ or EMANE Employee Benefits100% of the health insurance premiums for medical, dental, and vision paid by the Company$0 deductible for both individual and family PPO medical plan Performance-based stock options Competitive 401(K) program Experience: LTE/ 5G: 3 years (Preferred)C++: 3 years (Preferred)Python: 3 years 
 Bachelors or masters degree in computer science or equivalent subject.  8+ years of IT experience in large-scale application/ system/ platform/ integration architectures.  2+ years of experience with artificial intelligence, cognitive computing, APIs, machine learning, deep learning technologies.  Ability to write robust code in Python, Java and R.  Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn).  5 to 8 years of experience in developing cloud applications running on Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Service, Google Cloud.  8+ years of experience in designing and implementing systems using emerging technology
 Significant software development experience (7+ years) on Linux.  Familiarity with Linux application frameworks.  Strong analytical skills and proven success in problem-solving and achieving performance objectives.  Ability to excel in a multinational, multi-time-zone environment: excellent communication skill (verbal & written), collaborates well, represents our core values.  MS in Software Engineering, or equivalent work experience.  Proven experience with large-scale distributed build and validation systems, continuous integration, and mission-critical systems.  Full stack or back-end software development experience
 When it comes to creating products we believe that enterprise experiences deserve the craft, care, and delight that have become standard on the consumer side, and we're looking for people who feel the same.  Our sales and customer experience teams have your back because of your work with product marketing in defining go-to-market strategies, creating demos, supporting sales enablement, and supporting collateral for our customers.  Have previous experience leading and building AI products.  You have experience in B2B SaaS environments
 This position is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced engineer to work with creative engineers and cutting-edge technologies, so we need hands-on technologists who are strong in software engineering fundamentals, Big Data, and DevOps.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent industry experience.  5-7+ years of software development experience, preferably in an agile development environment.  Strong experience in Python development.  It would be great if you also have experience with Scala, Flask, Big Data or cloud technologies, but this isnt required
 Knowledge of software engineering best practices across the development lifecycle, including agile methodologies, coding standards, code reviews, source management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Required Skills:.  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent (advanced degree preferred).  8-10 years of professional programming experience working in engineering departments developing in Java, Python, node.  Deep experience with Cloud services such as Lake Formation, RDS, Elasticache, EMR.  Experience building/ operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets.  Experience using big data technologies, such as Spark, Kafka, ElasticSearch, Logging & Analysis Systems.  Strong knowledge of relational SQL and noSQL databases.  Experience in designing and developing the fault-tolerant and scalable distributed systems.  Strong documentation skills (Markdown, you like GitHub READMEs), and the ability to communicate requirements to other team members and project stakeholders.  Preferred Skills:.  Knowledge of entitlements and Authorization systems to manage data and API access.  Trepp, LLC, founded in 1979, is the leading provider of information, analytics and technology to the CMBS, commercial real estate and banking markets
 This position is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced engineer to work with creative engineers and cutting-edge technologies, so we need hands-on technologists who are strong in software engineering fundamentals, Big Data, and DevOps.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical field, or equivalent industry experience.  5-7+ years of software development experience, preferably in an agile development environment.  Strong experience in both Python and Javascript ES6+ (if you havent used the most modern Javascript, but are strong in JS thats fine).  It would be great if you also have experience with Scala, Flask, Big Data or cloud technologies, but this isnt required
 5+ years s experience using large scale cloud computing environments.  5+ years s experience building automation or security tools.  5+ years s experience building cloud scale applications.  5+ years s experience with CI/ CD pipelines.  5+ years s experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C#, Python, data query languages.  Bachelors Degree in an engineering-related discipline or equivalent experience.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.  Experience: 5+.  Required Skills:.  5+ years of programming experience using Ruby, Python, PHP and Java.  5+ years experience as a Back-end developer with an in-depth understanding of web development .  Experience with Relation Database Systems (RDBMS).  Familiarity with front-end languages such as HTML, Javascript and CSS.  Hands-on Linux experience with shell scripting knowledge.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills required.  Ability to thrive in a fast paced agile environment as part of a scrum team.  Preferred Skills:.  Experience with Agile/ Scrum development methodology.  Experience with Service Oriented Architecture and web services.  Experience working in a cross domain environment involving Java and other OpenSource platforms.  Experience with FHIR, HL7, HIPAA are attractive but not required.  Experience with MS Azure or AWS.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, or Crucible.  Knowledge of Healthcare Information Systems
 We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI ??two of todays most innovative and dynamic industries.  Interactions 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from todays frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent.  In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.  We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI ??two of todays most innovative and dynamic industries.  At Interactions we are committed to transforming customer experience and passionate about the professional and personal development of our talented and enthusiastic team.  Design and develop high-volume, high-performance, high-availability, concurrent applications using proven frameworks and technologies.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Required:.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or similar field.  5+ years of experience building applications in Python, Java, or Node.  Experience designing and creating web APIs using REST, gRPC, and other API standards.  Must have experience with highly concurrent system architectures.  Experience working with all phases of the Software Development Lifecycle ??ranging from architecture and design to implementation and testing.  Experience in writing design documentation, coding, and writing unit and integration tests.  Prior experience with architecture and design of components and features that are part of large enterprise architectures.  Must have strong testing, debugging and problem solving skills.  Masters Degree in Computer Science or similar field.  Prior experience with NLP/ voice technologies.  Prior experience with AI and machine learning technologies just as tensorflow, pytorch, and scikit-learn.  Experience building real-time conversational systems leveraging SIP, webRTC, websockets, or XMPP.  Experience with profiling and troubleshooting large scale, concurrent and multi-threaded JVM based languages (Java).  Experience with asynchronous, event driven architectures
 Using AppDynamics, youll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver flawless customer experiences at scale. ), adopting a consultative and prescriptive approach that inspires trust and confidence Enable customers to realize the most value from their AppDynamics investments You will be responsible for the technical execution of the project and will work hand-in-hand with the project team to monitor the progress of the project against its technical design Build the technical design and assist with building project plan as needed Concisely convey and evangelize the business value of the combined product and services solution Maintain expert level implementation proficiency and the ability to implement any AppDynamics product independently Keep abreast of dynamic technology landscape with a particular focus on adjacent technologies like microservices, containerization and Cloud Help synthesize learning and trends observed in the field into repeatable technology best practices in collaboration with other AppDynamics functions Mentor other services team members on various technology aspects to promote a culture of technology excellence at all levels Foster collaboration with our product, support and engineering teams and provide feedback from the field on features and functionality This role requires the ability to travel up to 50%.  Experiences.  Masters in computer science or similar technical field 5+ years of relevant technical experience as technical or pre-sales Consultant for an enterprise software company or for a recognized consultancy firm Understanding of the application performance management space with hands on experience on AppDynamics or competing product a bonus .  Excellent customer interaction and presentation skills (ability to clearly articulate to different audiences and bring the message across in a concise, professional manner) .  Ability to influence and persuade at all level and gain a ?ì”rusted Advisor status with key stakeholders .  Expert, hand-on experience (2+ years) in at least two of the following technical domains SDLC practices including Agile practices, DevOps and CI/ CD strategies IT Operations (NOC or similar) Virtualization and/ or Containerization Cloud technologies (Azure, AWS, etc) Application Performance Management Broader Application Infrastructure domains (OS, Databases, Servers, etc) Application Development .  Experience with JavaScript (JQuery, Dojo, AngularJS, etc) Java (J2EE) or 
 Kounts Identity Trust Global Network uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to analyze billions of trust and fraud signals in real-time in order to help businesses prevent fraud, protect accounts, and deliver personalized user experiences Kount has an opening for a Senior Software Engineer in our Boise, Idaho office. QUALIFICATIONS:BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience.  Masters degree a plus.  Proven ability to lead significant scope, complex projects to completion. Deep technical experience and understanding of multiple technology areas.  Strong software engineering and software architecture background in languages such as Java, C/ C++, or Go.  Experience building RESTful APIs within a microservice architecture.  Ability to think abstractly and deal well with ambiguous/ undefined problems.  Excellent communication skills and desire to work in a collaborative team environment.  Experience with distributed systems, relational databases, and NoSQL systems a plus.  Knowledge and experience in Apache, Linux, UNIX tools/ utilities, and/ or .  Experience with OWASP, PCI Data Security, and Amazon Web Services a plus. Team Lead experience a plus.  Experience:. NET: 1 year (Preferred)Apache: 1 year (Preferred)Go: 1 year (Preferred)CSS: 1 year (Preferred)Microservices: 1 year (Preferred)Additional 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, effectively working across departments and managing multiple projects at once.  Ability to communicate with diverse groups, from customers to company executives.  Strong analytical skills, easily breaking complex problems down into smaller, workable parts.  Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.  Strong familiarity with accounting practices and systems or CPA license
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, effectively working across departments and managing multiple projects at once.  Ability to communicate with diverse groups, from customers to company executives.  Strong analytical skills, easily breaking complex problems down into smaller, workable parts.  Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.  Strong familiarity with accounting practices and systems or CPA license
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Strong team player who can collaborate effectively with others.  Experience building highly scalable, reliable, and maintainable data systems.  Experience working as a lead or senior level software engineer.  Strong programming skills in relevant languages (Python, C++, Java, scripting), associated tools & frameworks.  Experience working with cloud-based infrastructure platforms (such as AWS, Azure, or GCP).  Strong presentation and communication skills.  Working proficiency with containers and orchestration frameworks like Docker and Kubernetes
Microsoft Worldwide AI Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Application Innovation, 2019Microsoft US Azure Team Partner Choice Award - Data and Artificial Intelligence, 2019__**Our Insight Digital Innovation team is searching for an experienced, passionate and professional Data Engineer to join our team. What youll need to join Insight: 4+ years of experience working with data and data analytics development within the Microsoft data platform and an excellent grasp of some of following technologies: SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse Power BI Tableau Analysis Services and DAX Reporting Services Integration Services Azure Data Factory PowerShell scripting Azure Automation2 year of experience in some of the following: Big Data technologies such as Hadoop or HDInsight, Hive, Pig, Python, Spark, Oozie, or any of the other tools with the Hadoop ecosystem Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Lake Analytics Predictive analytics: R, Azure Machine Learning.  Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear technical execution.  Proven ability to prioritize, self-direct and execute at velocity Passion to deliver craftsman-quality work both individually and as part of a team Solid communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholders Desire to learn new skills and grow competencies.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline Requires travel to Chicago Area client sites (local only).  Experience:AI: 3 years (Preferred)Power BI: 3 years (Required)Spark: 3 years (Required)Hadoop: 3 years (Required)R: 3 years (Preferred)Azure: 4 years (Required)Databricks: 3 years 
Microsoft Worldwide AI Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Application Innovation, 2019Microsoft US Azure Team Partner Choice Award - Data and Artificial Intelligence, 2019___ _Our Insight Digital Innovation team is searching for an experienced, passionate and professional Data Engineer to join our team. What youll need to join Insight: ì¨Œ 4+ years of experience working with data and data analytics development within the Microsoft data platform and an excellent grasp of some of following technologies: SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse PowerBI Tableau Analysis Services and DAX Reporting Services Integration Services Azure Data Factory PowerShell scripting Azure Automationì¨Œ 2 year of experience in some of the following: Big Data technologies such as Hadoop or HDInsight, Hive, Pig, Python, Spark, Oozie, or any of the other tools with the Hadoop ecosystem Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Lake Analytics Predictive analytics: R, Azure Machine Learningì¨Œ .  Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear technical execution.  Proven ability to prioritize, self-direct and execute at velocityì¨Œ Passion to deliver craftsman-quality work both individually and as part of a teamì¨Œ Solid communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholdersì¨Œ Desire to learn new skills and grow competenciesì¨Œ .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related disciplineì¨Œ Requires travel to Chicago Area client sites (local only).  Experience: AI: 3 years (Preferred)Power BI: 3 years (Required)Spark: 3 years (Required)Hadoop: 3 years (Required)R: 3 years (Preferred)Azure: 4 years (Required)Databricks: 3 years 
 in Computer Science /  Engineering or equivalent professional experience.  Strong coding skills & ability to perform in a dynamic, agile & entrepreneurial environment.  Consumer facing, enterprise or big brand app development experience and ideally one or two personal projects or significant open source contributions.  Deep knowledge and understanding of client-side architecture and experience building large scale applications.  Experience with designing APIs and working with RESTful, Websocket, SSE and long polling.  Experience with multi-threaded programming.  Experience with MVC/ MVVM.  Experience/ understanding of server side development is a plus.  Experience in React Native/ Flutter/ NativeScript is a plus
Microsoft Worldwide AI Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft Worldwide Modern Desktop Partner of the Year, 2018Microsoft US Partner Award for Intelligent Cloud - Application Innovation, 2019Microsoft US Azure Team Partner Choice Award - Data and Artificial Intelligence, 2019___ _Our Insight Digital Innovation team is searching for an experienced, passionate and professional Data Engineer to join our team. What youll need to join Insight: ì¨Œ 4+ years of experience working with data and data analytics development within the Microsoft data platform and an excellent grasp of some of following technologies: SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, and Azure SQL Data Warehouse PowerBI Tableau Analysis Services and DAX Reporting Services Integration Services Azure Data Factory PowerShell scripting Azure Automationì¨Œ 2 year of experience in some of the following: Big Data technologies such as Hadoop or HDInsight, Hive, Pig, Python, Spark, Oozie, or any of the other tools with the Hadoop ecosystem Azure Data Lake and Azure Data Lake Analytics Predictive analytics: R, Azure Machine Learningì¨Œ .  Strong analytical and reasoning skills that result in clear technical execution.  Proven ability to prioritize, self-direct and execute at velocityì¨Œ Passion to deliver craftsman-quality work both individually and as part of a teamì¨Œ Solid communication skills with both technical and non-technical stakeholdersì¨Œ Desire to learn new skills and grow competenciesì¨Œ .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related disciplineì¨Œ Requires travel to Chicago Area client sites (local only).  Experience: AI: 3 years (Preferred)Power BI: 3 years (Required)Spark: 3 years (Required)Hadoop: 3 years (Required)R: 3 years (Preferred)Azure: 4 years (Required)Databricks: 3 years 
PhD in Engineering, Technology, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Robotics, Statistics or a related quantitative field7+ years of research experience in motion planning, path optimization, controls or a related field. 2+ years of software development experience. Hands-on architectural or system design experience.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.  Strong algorithm development experience.  We are seeking an experienced Sr.  If you are an experienced Scientist, have a track record of delivering to timelines with high quality, are comfortable providing technical direction, have mentored and grown engineers and are deeply technical and innovative, we want to talk to you.  PhD and 10+ years of research experience in motion planning, path optimization, controls or a related field.  Experience implementing efficient, modern planning algorithms.  Experience in robotics or autonomous vehicles and strong industry background
 Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and interactive experiences that exceed our peoples expectations.  Experience with Python and/ or R Programming Language.  Experience with SQL or similar database language.  Experience with analytics, statistical modeling, optimization, machine learning, and/ or artificial intelligence.  Experience in consulting or similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.  Experience extracting, aggregating, and structuring data along different dimensions.  You have experience with visualization (e. js)You have experience with machine learning frameworks (e.  TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, Spark)You have experience with RDBMS (MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Oracle)You have experience with Agile Methodology
 Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and interactive experiences that exceed our peoples expectations.  Experience with Python and/ or R Programming Language.  Experience with SQL or similar database language.  Experience with analytics, statistical modeling, optimization, machine learning, and/ or artificial intelligence.  Experience in consulting or similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery.  Experience extracting, aggregating, and structuring data along different dimensions.  Experience managing technical teams.  You have experience with visualization (e.  You have experience with machine learning frameworks (e.  You have experience with RDBMS (MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Oracle).  You have experience with Agile Methodology
 Ability to obtain a SECRET clearance.  Minimum years of relevant experience: 3.  Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as:.  Advanced proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS.  Skills and/ or proven success in the following:.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.  Skills Development & Certifications
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Amazon Web Services broad set of AI services, combined with the capabilities of the rest of the AWS platform, allows customers to build intelligent applications without any machine learning experience.  Experience executing marketing campaigns aimed at developers
 Bank is seeking a Senior Software Engineering Manager for our Digital Banking Platform (mobile and online banking) with design and development experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives.  We are super serious about application performance, complex and engaging UI and integrated experience across multiple applications.  You'll work closely with the engineers on your team as well Product, Design, QA and other partner teams to deliver well-engineered experiences that delight our customers.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent work experience10 or more years of experience with developing and implementing applications Eight or more years of experience with major tasks, deliverables, formal methodologies and disciplines for delivering new or enhanced applications.  Preferred Skills/ .  Experience.  Hands on experience developing native IOS, Android or web applications Five or more years of managerial experience.  Experience managing a front end development team.  Strong understanding on mobile design principles, patterns and best practices.  Strong analytical skills and ability to review code.  Proven experience in both small and medium size teams.  Proven ability to architect mobile application and adopt and improve existing architecture.  Strong collaboration skills with peers.  Strong object oriented programming and design skills.  Excellent communication skills written and verbal.  Good proven track record of development sustainable governance processes.  Experience leading in agile development teams.  Experience with HTML/ JS /  ReactNative is a strong plus.  Experience with Git, Scrum, Kanban.  Agile development experience.  Strong estimation and resource planning skills.  Ability to interact with Business line leaders and develop consensus and obtain buy in Banking experience
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/ or practical experience is required.  At least 8 years of software development experience in C#, Java, Scala, C++, Go, Python or similar languages.  Solid Computer Science fundamentals, fluent in multi-threaded programming, experience/ inclination for architecting at scale.  Experience with distributed systems design and implementation, especially microservices architecture, and Kubernetes, Linux, and related technologies is a plus
 The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to make a difference in the government space? Do you enjoy being both a project manager and a technical enthusiast at heart? What if you could find a position that is tailor-made for your mix of development, engineering, and communication skills? That's why we need you, a proven leader, to help us shorten the time it takes to get critical tools developed and into the hands of warfighters who need them and to quickly provide assistance and aid to the people who need it.  Strong customer intimacy skills.  Knowledge of current IT solutions such as AWS, Google, Containerization, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, etc.  Knowledge of infrastructure configuration practices and software engineering best practices.  Knowledge or experience in implementing DevOps.  SAFe or Agile experience/ certification.  Expert representational, oral, and written communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, logical, and concise products;.  Requires active TS/ SCI with poly and 12 to 15 years with BS/ BA or 10 to 13 years with MS/ MA or 7 to 9 years with Ph.  Systems Engineering experience on large complex systems.  Acquisition experience on small to large systems.  Understanding and experience implementing a CI/ CD pipeline
 BSEE (MS preferred) in Electrical or Computer Engineering with 5 years of demonstrated ability.  You should have prior experience in timing closure, clock/ power distribution and analysis of successful taped-out designs.  Proficiency in scripting language, such as, Perl, Tcl, Make and automation methods/ algorithms is required.  Recent circuit design experience and understanding with running spice is a definite plus.  Prior leadership experience is a plus
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Substantial proficiency with requirements management & system modeling tools.  Ability to recognize various architectural patterns, apply them appropriately, understand strengths/ weaknesses within those architectures and develop architectural variations as necessary
 We need an experienced Senior Analyst /  Consultant with experience with Hydropower.  15+ years of progressive and relevant experience.  Experience in change management and strategic planning.  Experience with data analytics and data science.  Experience with electric utility and generation.  Experience with hydropower generation.  Experience with wholesale electricity marketing.  Bachelor's degree
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics.  Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python.  Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows.  Experience with programming of motion control systems and /  or microwave test equipment.  Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers.  Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects.  Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics.  Master's Degree is preferred.  Design or test experience with antennas and/ or radomes.  There is flexibility to work out of the GDMS offices located in the Virginia Tech Corporate Research Center COgro facility in Blacksburg, Virginia
 Oracles Content Central team is looking for an experienced, hands-on editor, writer, and content leader to join its editorial team.  The ideal candidate will have deep experience editing and writing for publication; explaining technology and business trends; generating and honing story ideas; and working in a high-volume publishing environment.  Skills And Qualifications:.  Proven editorial judgment and clear editorial vision.  Proven line editing and writing skills.   Collaborative mindset and experience working with virtual teams; strong project and people management skills and experience.  Ability to work in a large company environment, balancing input and priorities from multiple sources.  Experience in web publishing.  Experience working with video and audio a plus
 Bachelors degree in Mathematics, Computer Science or engineering-related discipline.  10+ years software engineering experience with a solid understand of software development and coding.  5+ years experience with C/ C++, Windows, Linux systems and relational databases.  Experience with PHP, JavaScript, Java, HTML, or XML; Apache servers, Web services & applications.  Experience with DBMS and SQL such as MySQL, SQLite, Oracle or other relational/ NoSQL databases required.  Knowledge of software development lifecycle methodologies.  Experience with debugging utilities such as GDB, etc.  Masters Degree or Ph.  Big Data software engineer with broad technical knowledge and a depth of experience with production implementations of server-side software and big data in particular.  Experience with Hadoop, Spark, Elasticsearch, Kafka
 You will lead a team of dynamic and talented Information Security professionals who want to learn from your experience and skills.  Experience with data protection techniques and tools such as encryption, tokenization, cloud access security brokers, .  Experience with open source and big data platform technologies such as Hadoop, Kafka, SQL, ELK, .  Experience in data science tools and methods such as Python, .  Experience in Offensive and or Defensive Security techniques, .  Experience in a regulated environment, Financial services industry experience is a plus.  Bachelor's degree.  At least 10 years of experience in Information Technology.  At least 5 years of experience leading a technical security team.  Masters degree or PhD.  10+ years of combined experience with Data and/ or Security Architecture, Data Security, and big data technologies.  8+ years of experience performing security risk assessments, and security consulting.  5+ years of experience leading teams of information security professionals.  5+ years experience with threat modeling.  2+ years experience in securing a public cloud environments and services (e.  2+ years experience utilizing Agile methodologies within DevOps environments
 Are you a detail-oriented program manager who is passionate about learning new marketing tools and methodologies? We are looking for a self-starter with proven program management experience to join our team.  7-10 years of corporate B2B marketing experience.  Bachelors degree in marketing, communications, public relations or business.  Proven program/ project management skills along with an aptitude to work collaboratively with cross-functional business teams.  Strong analytical thinking skills.  Excellent communication and writing skills.  Experience Manager (AEM), Eloqua, Marketo as well as web analysis tools (Adobe Analytics and Ahref) is a plus.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office solutions
 BS in Computer Science or related discipline with (10) ten years of experience; OR MS in the same fields with (8) eight years of experience; OR PhD with (5) five years of experience.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:.  Experience:.  Familiarity with emerging trends and opportunities: You are familiar with technical challenges and emerging trends in computing and information science, and you are aware of opportunities in industry and government.  Technical leadership: You have led research projects and have experience collaborating across research teams and mentoring other researchers
 Bachelor degree in Computer Science, MIS.  5+ years of experience programming in C#.  3+ years of experience with HTML5 and Bootstrap.  3+ years of experience with consuming web services and web api.  3+ years of experience configuring and troubleshooting IIS and experience with IIS authentication schemes.  3+ years of experience with SQL development; proven ability to read and write complex SQL queries.  2+ years of experience with Web API, and MVC software architecture patterns.  Ability to effectively communicate with individuals within all levels of technical and non-technical skills sets (i.  Proven ability to write complex code; including the planning of work from initiation through implementation while demonstrating the ability to meet project completion dates with acceptable levels of supporting documentation and software quality.  Experience with Gherkin and a Cucumber implementation, preferably SpecFlow.  2+ years of experience with AngularJS and/ or Angular.  Exposure to SharePoint and related content management technologies.  Experience performance tuning applications.  Exposure to diverse platforms and operating systems, including current and emerging technologies.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  There's the potential for some Angular /  Webforms work so if the experience is there, that's a bonus, but if it's not - that's OK too. NET experience is a must
 PhD in physics, electrical engineering or optical engineering + 5 years of experience.  Experience required in SOME of the following areas:.  Experience required in.  Minimum Education: Doctorate, Combined experience/ education as substitute for minimum education Minimum .  Experience: 5 years Minimum Field of .  Expertise: .  Knowledge of research processes and computer science.  Ability to take specific research problems, apply computer science principles, and derive solutions.  Ability to interact with other project members in a positive and constructive manner to reach solutions to research problems
 Experience:.  Bachelors degree in software engineering, computer science, or related discipline.  10 years of experience in software engineering.  Experience leading an agile software development team.  Experience designing and integrating applications using modern design patterns and frameworks.  Experience with C#, Java, C++ and/ or Python development in a mixed Windows/ Linux environment.  Experience developing distributed, cloud-native applications and services using Big Data technologies (e.  Experience with DevSecOps pipeline processes and tools.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Experience:.  Masters degree in software engineering, computer science, or related discipline.  Experience developing space and electronic warfare modeling and simulation software.  Experience with Distributed Interactive Simulation (DIS) and/ or High Level Architecture (HLA).  Experience developing DoD training systems
 We are reimagining primary care from the ground up, combining technology and artificial intelligence with some of the nation's best physicians to deliver a better experience that scales faster and more efficiently than ever before.  Mobile Designer to drive and deliver delightful experiences for our users.  5+ years experience.  Demonstrate experience with end-to-end product design
 Design and build new features and services that powers the site and customer experience.  5+ years of experience in Software Development as a software engineer.  Working experience of Open Source Content Management Systems, like Drupal and WordPress.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices for the full software development lifecycle including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Strong Computer Science fundamentals ??object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.  Sharp analytical abilities and proven design skills.  Experience with designing, building and deploying scalable, highly available systems.  Strong communication skills as well as experience in mentoring and educating your peers.  Drupal 8 experience.  AWS development experience.  Web Content Management experience.  Accessibility & SEO experience
 Work across multiple products and product suites in ET-Data to provide data and analytic engineering skills, experience and insight.  Apply deep technical experience and expertise to accelerate technical decisions that span Enterprise Technology.  Must have deep Data skills and experience as well as knowledge and experience with infrastructure and software development
 Work across multiple products and product suites in ET-Data to provide data and analytic engineering skills, experience and insight.  Apply deep technical experience and expertise to accelerate technical decisions that span Enterprise Technology.  Must have deep Data skills and experience as well as knowledge and experience with infrastructure and software development
 ì°½???3+ years of data taxonomy, BI, data migration or data lake integration experience.  Proven experience using one or more data modeling tools (including, but not limited to, SQL, Spark, ElasicSearch, Hive, Azure Data Lake, BigQuery, etc.  Proven experience using object-oriented programming languages (including, but not limited to, Python, JavaScript, Java, Scala, etc.  Experience with data visualization tools (including, but not limited to, Matplot, Splunk, Kibana, DataStudio, Tableau, Cognos, etc.  Experience with advanced statistical modeling.  Experience with Consumer telemetry, infrastructure monitoring, and process improvement preferred.  ì°½???Machine learning and artificial intelligence experience preferred
 In this position, you will experience a wide range of technology spectrum and solve challenging problems that really matter.  An advanced degree in science majors such as Computer Science, Physics, or Mathematics is strongly preferred.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 ì°½???2+ years of data taxonomy, BI, data migration or data lake integration experience.  Proven experience using one or more data modeling tools (including, but not limited to, SQL, Spark, ElasicSearch, Hive, Azure Data Lake, BigQuery, etc.  Proven experience using object-oriented programming languages (including, but not limited to, Python, JavaScript, Java, Scala, etc.  Experience with data visualization tools (including, but not limited to, Matplot, Splunk, Kibana, DataStudio, Tableau, Cognos, etc.  Experience with Consumer telemetry, infrastructure monitoring, and process improvement preferred.  ì°½???Machine learning and artificial intelligence experience preferred
 Participate in mentoring less experienced resources.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science/ Electrical Engineering/ Information Systems or related discipline desired.  Minimum of 12 years of software development experience including a minimum of 8 years of experience with SQL and .  Minimum of 4 years of experience with database design across a heterogenous environment (Data Warehouse and OLTP).  Experience with ETL processing using either a common toolset (ex: SSIS, Talend Open Studio, Pentaho Data Integration, JasperETL) or hand-developed solutions.  Familiarity with modern Artificial Intelligence implementations.  Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills.  Experience working with SCRUM agile framework.  Experience working in an Amazon Web Services (AWS) environment.  Experience working with large sets of data using columnar database solutions like Snowflake, AWS RedShift or a similar solution.  Experience working with Machine Learning solutions like DataRobot, H20
 8-10 years of experience on developing services with Java, Spring framework.  4-5 years of experience on UI development (Angular).  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Experience in working on integration projects with the use of Spring Integration/ JMS or any integration framework is a MUST.  Experience with full stack application development.  Experience with development of Java microservices.  Experience and hands on with the following:.  Experience with Databases queries (Oracle/ MS SQL/ MySQL).  Experience with basic Unix command.  Experience with cloud platforms (AWS)
 Bachelors Degree in EE, CS or CE or equivalent work experience.  5+ years of relevant experience or an Advanced Degree with equivalent experience.  Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies.  Experience with design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Expertise in System Verilog or similar HVL.  Perl and C/ C++ programming language experience desirable.  Prior experience with arbiters, interconnect networks and/ or caches is desirable.  Strong communication skills and ability & desire to work as a great teammate are huge plus.  Experience in crafting test bench environments for unit and system level verification
 Bachelors degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  At GDMS, we continually seek ways to develop and improve manufacturing methods, utilizing our teams knowledge of product design, materials and parts, fabrication processes, tooling and production equipment capabilities, assembly methods, and quality control standards.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, a related specialized area or field or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Validate Sales Compensation payouts and ensure they align to plan design.  Experience/ Skills:.  Bachelors degree with 4- 5 years of experience managing sales compensation process or in Sales Operations Analyst role.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Must be able to present efficiently and effectively to various levels of management.  Experience/ Skills:.  Previous experience with setting up sales compensation systems will be an definite advantage
 Exelons Team Digital aims to rapidly deliver reliable and innovative products and services that enable the business and enhance our customers experience.  Must follow organizations established PM standards and governance.  Be familiar and experienced with Waterfall and Agile Project methodologies.  Bachelors degree in Project Management, Informational Systems, Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited University and 3 - 5 years project management or related experience.  Ability to work independently and as a team leader including the ability to handle conflicting priorities in a multi-tasking environment.  Masters degree in Project Management, Informational Systems, Computer Science (or related advanced technical degree) or Business Administration.  Demonstrated experience managing internal teams and external System Integrators to successfully deliver projects.  Experience with customer facing solutions related to innovative technologies such as Azure Web Apps, mobile apps, consumer wearables (Apple/ Samsung Watch), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine learning (ML), voice assistants, Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR) and SmartHome services.  Experience using Agile and SAFe methodologies and frameworks to delivering projects.  PMI-PMP, PMI-ACP, Agile and SAFe Certifications.  Experience with assisting large-scale agile transformation and organizational change efforts
 Strong collaboration and communication skills and ability to work within cross functional teams.  Strong economic thinking skills and business acumen.  Present combined data with predicted results in a meaningful way with a great user experience to drive action.  Experts and Data Engineers to create new AI enabled applications and deploy to production.  Bachelor's Degree.  Proven professional experience with object-oriented programming in a technology focused role (including but not limited to IT Roles such as: Software Developer, Data Engineer, DevOps/ Cloud Engineer, Data Scientist).  5+ years professional coding experience building web/ mobile applications with JavaScript language and Object-Oriented patterns.  Bachelor's Degree with an Engineering or Technology focus.  Knowledge of cross-browser quirks.  Professional development experience with Reactjs.  Experience working or leading Agile Product Development Teams.  Experience with cloud platforms like AWS/ GCP/ Azure.  Salary and benefits commensurate with experience
 Understand and practice requirements of ISO 13485 (including MDSAP), EU MDR, TeraRecon BMS Manual, Process Flows and Work Instructions.  Experience and knowledge of product and process regulatory compliance.  BA/ BS degree, MBA preferred, or equivalent job-related experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience
 Bachelors degree in Accounting/ Finance.  Minimum years of work experience: 3 or more years in Revenue Accounting position.  Required Skills:.  Strong organizational and analytical skills.  Ability to present data in a comprehensive and articulate manner.  System Skills (Preferred):
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Are you up to the challenge of GDMS.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Proven, effective leadership skills to guide work groups and programs to successful completion.  Expert understanding of the organizationally defined electrical processes throughout the lifecycle of the program or project.  Ability to travel as needed.  Ability to serve as a consultant to management team and customers on projects.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 You are a senior full stack engineer who is passionate about creating a fantastic user experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  6+ years experience in Java, Go, Python, or other server-side language.  3+ years of experience in Javascript and CSS.  3+ years experience with a Javascript framework (React preferred).  6+ years of experience in writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  In-depth understanding and hands on experience with a relational database (Postgres preferred).  ln-depth understanding and familiarity with a document-oriented database like Mongo
 Experience in a technology sales, business operations, chief of staff role.  Experience scaling B2B products in a competitive market.  Experience working with enterprise sales cycles and sales teams.  Experience working across functions including engineering, product management, sales, and marketing.  Experience leading projects from inception to completion.  Experience working with 3D content, cloud computing, or AI/ ML technologies.  Experience in sales as a Solutions Engineer, Solutions Architect, or similar role.  Unity is the creator of the world's leading real-time 3D development platform, giving users the most powerful and accessible tools to create, operate, and monetize experiences for the real-time world.  Made with Unity experiences reach nearly 3 billion devices worldwide and have been installed more than 34 billion times in the last 12 months.  If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know
 Excellent communication skills (verbal and written) required.  Required Skills:.  Minimum of 4 years of experience in computer science, software engineering, or related discipline.  Experience with developing software on an agile-based program.  Experience developing software using CI/ CD Pipelines and DevSecOps.  Some level of experience with Scripting and Programming Languages: Java, C++ and/ or Python.  Some level of experience with Applications/ Frameworks: Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana (ELK Stack), React.  Experience with Unix, Linux, Ubuntu Server, Arch Linux, and/ or Fedora Core Linux.  Some knowledge and experience with Software Quality Assurance, Software Test Automation, and Software Hardening and Cybersecurity Testing practices.  Desired Skills:.  Some level of experience with Scripting and Programming Languages: Bash, JavaScript, JSON, Perl, R, HTML, CSS, PHP, C#.  Experience developing solutions using Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Experience developing software for Web and Cloud-based systems.  Experience with relational data sets using MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite, and/ or Oracle.  Experience with Data Science Methods, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.  Experience maintaining Software Factory CI/ CD Pipelines: Git, GitHub, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm.  Experience with unstructured data sets using NoSQL and MongoDB.  Experience with Robot Framework, Selenium, and Fortify.  Requires a bachelors degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) and minimum of 4 years of prior relevant experience
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related technical discipline.  Must have demonstrated experience developing, solutioning, and/ or leading the development and solutioning of winning solutions for new and re-compete business pursuits, capture activities and proposal efforts starting at $100M TCV.  Must have strong working knowledge of current technologies and capabilities employed in the Federal Government space, including and not limited to, Cloud, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, and various Software Development methodologies spanning Agile to Waterfall and hybrids thereof.  Must have experience working front-end solutioning with clients to include assessing needs from requirements (SOW, SOO, PWS, other Draft material).  Must have good communication and relationship skills.  Must have participated in and preferable led as a Solution Architect, the development of the Technical and/ or Management Volume of large proposals for the Federal Government.  Use of a standard Shipley-type proposal approach is required and demonstrated FedSim experience is a bonus.  Professional experience operating within cross-functional teams and groups
 The Senior Systems Engineer II will assist in the preparation of detailed simulation plans, which may include developing task objectives, determining expected output, budget requirements and developing the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS).  Experience & Skills:.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Physics, Math, or Computer Science.  Six (6) years of applied work experience programming in a compiled language, such as C++, Java, or Fortran (C++ preferred).  Six (6) years professional experience developing software models of physical systems, physics, and/ or hardware environments related to systems components.  Experience using tools such as MATLAB or Python for data analysis.  Experience using UNIX/ Linux based workstations.  Experience using EO/ IR or radar scene generation capabilities.  Must have an existing Department of Defense issued Secret Security clearance.  Must be willing to relocate to Huntsville, AL (comprehensive relocation package available).  Experience & Skills:.  Advanced Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Physics, or Math.  Experience developing applications using Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence.  Leadership experience managing others as a technical lead, team lead or similar lead role involving applied system engineering and analysis.  Experience in radar, signal & image processing, digital communications, estimation theory, optimal control, system architecture, inertial navigation, or guidance theory.  Experience with simulation development in a Computer-in-the-Loop or Hardware-in-the-Loop environment.  Strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyze and understand overall system performance to aid in model integration and troubleshooting.  Knowledge of Software Configuration Management tools (Github, Subversion, Rational Team Concept, Synergy).  Practical experience with Earned Value Management System (EVMS), major Gates cycles (Preliminary Design Review, Critical Design Review, etc), and/ or proposal and Basis of Estimates development
 Equiscript is seeking an experienced candidate to serve in the role of Senior Director of Data and Analytics (SDDA).  Evidence of strong leadership and communication skills at a C- or board level.  Experience in information management projects and programs.  Familiarity with big data solutions.  Familiarity with data governance and quality control.  Experience with creating best practices and methodologies for technical projects.  Experience managing technical teams.  Understanding of and experience building business cases for large technical projects.  Familiarity with data modelling and visualization techniques.  Strong business experience in the field.  Experience:.  Bachelors or graduate degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, or a related field.  5-8 years of experience working with data analytics teams to provide reporting, analysis, modeling, and strategic insight.  Experience with a variety of analytics platforms and database programming languages (i.  Experience in integrating complex, inter-departmental processes and information strategies, and/ or designing strategic metrics and scorecards required.  Experience running data analytics teams using the latest data mining, machine learning and/ or artificial intelligence techniques required.  Hands-on experience with implementing data management programs preferred.  Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and the ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.  Computer Skills:.  Ability to write and tune SQL queries.  Advanced Database/ warehouse/ lake knowledge; Master Data Management (MDM) applications; and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL/ ELT) tool.  Strong company culture based on teamwork and healthy competition
 Experience/ Skills:.  4+ years of Data Analyst work experience.  2+ years of Optical Character Recognition technology experience.  2+ years of Machine Learning experience.  2+ years of Artificial Intelligence processing experience.  2+ years of Document /  Data Centric Processing experience.  Excellent Communication Skills.  Prior experience working in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment. , MS Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint).  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a history of learning and adapting quickly.  Excellent written, verbal, and consultative skills.  Strong understanding of technology.  Big 4 consulting experience.  Financial Services experience.  Experience - i.  Experience - i
 Redhorse is seeking a highly experienced Senior Full Stack Engineer for an Agile software development project in support of a U.  Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, .  Experience, Education, and Credentials:.  A minimum of 7 years of relevant work experience in Agile/ Scrum practices.  Ability to obtain and maintain a DHS Suitability clearance.  Minimum of a bachelor's degree in computer science or similar engineering discipline.  Full-stack development experience in the context of ETL, feature-engineering in the cloud.  Experience in programming and tuning at least two of NoSQL, Relational DB, GraphDB (Cypher QL), or Multimodal databases.  Strong understanding of Linux and ability to script common tasks using BASH/ ZSH, SSH and other Linux utilities.  Additional Preferred Skills, .  Experience, Education, and Credentials:
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors of Science degree or Technology degree, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  We are seeking an individual with Senior Integration and Test experience who will technically contribute to the Joint Land Component Constructive Training Capability (JLCCTC) contract.  Experience with Joint Land Component Constructive Training Capability (JLCCTC) /  Warfighters Simulation (WARSIM).  Ability to frequently contribute to the development of new and innovative theories, principals, ideas and methods.  Ability to be a major contributor to the achievement of business objectives.  Possess knowledge and experience with object oriented programming, system processes and scripting languages.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Ability to multi-task.  Must be highly skilled in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Experience in applying project leadership principles including SPI/ CPI, Earned Value, Cost Account Management (CAM), and Statistical Process Controls.  Experienced with automated testing tools.  Experience with continuous integration and automated build environments, particularly Jenkins and Jenkins plug-ins.  Experience with development & test tools, especially Eclipse, Subversion, JUnit/ JMeter.  Experience with Apache Ivy dependency manager.  Experience with Army Military Intelligence systems and their use.  Experience in working with the customer in addressing integration and test issues.  Experience with Test management tools, e.  Experience with Agile Methodology, more specific Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe).  Ability to coordinate and execute Government Acceptance Tests (GATs) in the local laboratories and at fielded sites.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Expertise - on the suite of LivePerson solutions and capabilities acting as a SME on all LivePerson technical solutions and offerings.  BS or BA degree, MBA preferred, or equivalent experience.  Experience developing with APIs & SDKs.  3+ years of development experience
 Relational Database Architecture (SQL Server/ Oracle/ MySQL/ PostgreSQL) experience.  Experience with one or more NoSQL technology (MongoDB, Cassandra, Neo4J, Couchbase, CouchDB, Hadoop HDFS, HBase, Hive, etc.  Experience with implementation of Event driven architecture using Streamsets, Kafka, Spark or similar technologies.  Experience with one or more of the following programming languages (.  Knowledge of, and experience in Agile Scrum methodology as well as software development lifecycles in general.  Experience authoring reference architectures and other engineering documentation.  Prior project architect and/ or Lead Software Engineer experience.  Experience delivering and deploying cloud native data solutions on one of the public cloud providers such GCP, Azure or AWS.  IBM Watson or such AI platform or technology experience would be a great plus.  Over the past 20 years, TA Digital has positioned clients to achieve digital maturity by focusing on data, customer-centricity and exponential return on investment; by melding exceptional user experience and data-driven methodologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning, we enable digital transformations that intelligently build upon the strategies we set into motion.  5000 list as one of the most successful technology companies in the United States, TA Digital is pleased also to share high-level strategic partnerships with world class digital experience platform companies like Adobe, SAP and Salesforce and possess global partnerships with industry leaders such as Sitecore, Episerver, Elastic Path, BigCommerce, AWS, Azure and Coveo
At least 5 years of experience in combination of public health research, data science, applied artificial intelligence, project/ data management, or software development.  Formed in 2012, the Lifescale Analytics team has years of experience providing a spectrum of customized data management services and solutions including Data Management/ Analytics, Big Data Solutions, Cloud Services, Business Intelligence and Data Science that focus on building strong portfolios and programs.  Through experience and innovation, we allow businesses, pharmaceutical companies, financial institutions, and government agencies to manage and proactively make decisions based on their biggest asset, their data.  Experience: combination of public health research, data science or AI: 5 years (Required)Education: Doctorate (Required)Location:Bethesda, MD 
 10+ years of relevant work experience.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying computer vision solutions.  API development experience.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree.  Expertise in computer vision or deep learning frameworks and libraries, e.  Advanced skills in Python.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, image processing, computer vision.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithms (e.  Expertise in fields e.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  10+ years of relevant work experience.  2+ years of consulting experience on Conversational AI systems.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, MS LUIS/ Cortana or IBM Watson.  3+ experiences developing and deploying voice and/ or text conversational flows for virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, or IBM Watson, MS LUIS/ MS Azure Cognitive/ ML.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics.  API development experience.  Advanced skills in Java/ C++, R, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/ TERADATA.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, neural networks, dialog systems, dialog management, and natural language generation.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  Expertise in 2+ domain preferred (e.  Experience in Technology, Media, Telecommunications, Consumer (especially transportation) and Financial Services& Insurance a plus.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  10+ years of relevant work experience.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  4+ years of consulting experience on AI projects.  Experience architecting, designing, developing and deploying enterprise solutions, based on client or business vision, which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Science.  Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Storm or related paradigms and associated languages such as Pig, Hive, Mahout, plus advanced skills in Java/ C++, R, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/ TERADATA.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree preferably in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, electrical engineering, physics, or closely related field.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  2+ years experience working with Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/ Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/ Sagemaker, MS LUIS Chat, MS Azure Cognitive/ ML.  Expertise in 2+ domains preferred (e.  Knowledge of operations, manufacturing, quality or operations strategy for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device organizations.  Experience with use cases such as fraud detection, cashierless stores, hyperpersonalized credit scores, enhanced customer service, etc.  Experience with use cases such as reduce customer churn, accurately price products /  services, increase up-sell /  cross-sell, reduce service Center call times, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve workforce /  role matching, workforce optimization, increase learning effectiveness, align total rewards by employee type, etc.  Experience with use cases such as optimize infrastructure use, optimize system /  application performance, reduce IT security breaches, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve safety/ standards compliance, improve fraud detection, improve regulatory compliance.  Experience with use cases such as eliminate underperforming SKUs, optimize fleet size and logistics, optimize inventory management.  Strong experience running pursuits (US Practitioners).  Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a concise and actionable manner.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) (US Practitioners).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career
Program analysis, including understanding, vulnerability identification, and remediation Malware analysis and reverse engineering Software-defined networking for cyber defense and deception Cryptographic techniques for assured computation Symbolic logic and theorem proving for automating network configuration Application of formal methods for secure and resilient systems Wired and wireless systems architectures and protocols(autonomous control, adaptive networking, cognitive radios, mobile applications)Application of mathematic, statistics, and linguistics to large data sets to uncover patterns, extract information and gain understanding Artificial intelligence (reasoning, probabilistic inference, machine learning)Qualifications: Requires 10 to 12 years with BS/ BA or 8 to 10 years with MS/ MA or 5 to 7 years with PhD PhD in Computer Science/ Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or related field and 5+ years relevant experience OR .  Masters degree with 7+ years relevant experience OR BS/ BA with 10+ years relevant experience Past experience as a technical/ integration lead on at least one major effort.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills and ability to support customer facing roles.  Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areas Preferred experienced includes: Past experience as a Principal Investigator (PI) on at least one major effort Past experience in business development including idea generation, whitepapers, and proposals.  Strong record of patents and/ or publications in peer-reviewed conferences or journals Active security clearance To find out more about this opportunity don't hesitate to apply today! 
 5+ years of professional software engineering experience.  Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science or related field, OR equivalent industry experience.  Proven ability to create componentized and well-architected software.  Prior experience in building large scale cloud services, distributed systems, or operating systems.  Experience programming GPUs (graphics processing units), CUDA /  cuDNN /  NCCL - a plus.  Experience programming FPGAs (field-programmable gate arrays) ??a plus.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 With an ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI) focus, professional experience should include building AI models using machine learning algorithms and deep learning neural networks to draw technical/ business insights, which can be used to make decisions that affect the entire technical subsystem/ system/ organization.  An significant added plus would be experience defining avionics system/ subsystem requirements, familiarity with avionics system analysis, integration, test and evaluation activities, and familiarity with associated ground and airborne design, development, integration and test activities.  Be prepared to demonstrate skills in problem solving, planning/ organizing projects, written/ oral communication, collaboration and team building ??with a particular focus on AI-based contributions.  10 years professional computer science or engineering experience, at least 6 years of which are in the development and/ or application of AI.  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Electrical, Mechanical, Aerospace or Systems Engineering from an ABET accredited course of study.  Masters or Ph.  degree in AI, Computer Science, Machine Learning, or Systems Engineering is highly desirable
Qualifications BA/ BS degree in computer science, electrical engineering, or related technical fields. Working experience with embedded microprocessor or semiconductor companies are preferred. Minimum 8 years of industry experience with C/ C++, Python, and object-oriented programming.  Experience with programming real-time systems or other embedded systems.  Experience with consumer electronic product development, such as STB, camera, car entertainment system, mobile phone, etc.  Expertise with Linux kernel, device drivers, Android and Windows programming.  Familiarity with low-speed interfaces including UART, SPI, and I2C, and high speed interfaces such as USB, EMMC, SDIO, PCIe, MIPI, etc.  Experience with reading hardware schematics and using common tools including scopes, logic analyzers, emulators, and signal generators.  Experience with or knowledge of neural networks, artificial intelligence, TensorFlow framework, etc.  Experience: industry: 8 years (Preferred)Work 
 Equiscript is seeking an experienced candidate to serve in the role of Senior Director of Data and Analytics (SDDA).  Evidence of strong leadership and communication skills at a C- or board level.  Experience in information management projects and programs.  Familiarity with big data solutions.  Familiarity with data governance and quality control.  Experience with creating best practices and methodologies for technical projects.  Experience managing technical teams.  Understanding of and experience building business cases for large technical projects.  Familiarity with data modelling and visualization techniques.  Strong business experience in the field.  Experience:.  Bachelors or graduate degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, or a related field.  5-8 years of experience working with data analytics teams to provide reporting, analysis, modeling, and strategic insight.  Experience with a variety of analytics platforms and database programming languages (i.  Experience in integrating complex, inter-departmental processes and information strategies, and/ or designing strategic metrics and scorecards required.  Experience running data analytics teams using the latest data mining, machine learning and/ or artificial intelligence techniques required.  Hands-on experience with implementing data management programs preferred.  Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and the ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.  Computer Skills:.  Ability to write and tune SQL queries.  Advanced Database/ warehouse/ lake knowledge; Master Data Management (MDM) applications; and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL/ ELT) tool.  Strong company culture based on teamwork and healthy competition
 Must be US Citizen and will be subject to a government security investigation Responsibilities: General analytics support, guidance, and training: Provide guidance and recommendations regarding statistical and computing processes related to analyzing the genetic bases of neurological disease. At least 5 years of experience in combination of public health research, data science, applied artificial intelligence, project/ data management, or software development.  Formed in 2012, the Lifescale Analytics team has years of experience providing a spectrum of customized data management services and solutions including Data Management/ Analytics, Big Data Solutions, Cloud Services, Business Intelligence and Data Science that focus on building strong portfolios and programs.  Through experience and innovation, we allow businesses, pharmaceutical companies, financial institutions, and government agencies to manage and proactively make decisions based on their biggest asset, their data.  Experience: project or data management : 5 years (Preferred)combination of public health research: 5 years (Required)data science or AI: 5 years (Preferred)Education: Doctorate (Required)Location:Bethesda, MD (Required)Work 
 Has broad technical knowledge in addition to significant experience with any programming language including (but not limited to) Visual Basic, C/ C++, C#, Java, Python, and R.  Has some experience in Robotic Process Automation (RPA) using BluePrism or UI Path preferred.  Has some experience with Intelligent Business Process Management tools such as Bizagi or Appian preferred.  Has some experience with the development, deployment, or testing of APIs is preferred.  Experience in an Agile environment preferred.  Education/ Certifications:.  Bachelors Degree or 4+ years of applicable experience in Technology or Mathematics
 Validating model inputs/  outputs & accuracy.  Experience with Machine Leaning algorithms ??supervised & unsupervised.  Experience dealing with both structured & unstructured datasets and drawing the insights from the data.  Working experience with Python & ML libraries like Tensorflow, PyTorch, H2O or Keras.  Experience with text analytics & NLP libraries.  Excellent communication skills.  Ability to work with an international team.  Experience with cloud technologies (especially Azure) & APIs.  Agile development experience
 4+ years of experience working with .  Experience using JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as Node.  Experience building APIs and background services leveraging cloud providers i.  Experience working with SQL and relational databases.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.  Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing.  Experience with ElasticSearch and RabbitMQ.  Experience with .  Experience with DevOps and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Experience with Automation, ML, Artificial Intelligence Services (AWS, GCP, and Azure).  Excellent health, dental and vision insurance
 Design experience of reliable electrical system from concept through launch.  Knowledge of computation processor (CPU, GPU, FPGA, ISP or SoC) and computer architecture.  Schematic design experience on embedded systems and IO interfaces.  Strong EE knowledge about digital and analog circuits.  Knowledge of power distribution network.  Hands-on experience with an oscilloscope, signal generator, and other debug tools.  Familiarity with automotive electro-mechanical system is a plus.  Experience with Linux kernel, embedded software development, C/ C++, python or other scripting languages is a plus.  Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 3+ years experience
 Required Skills & .  Experience:.  3+ years of Management Consulting experience from a top management or professional services firm.  Previous experience working on Advisory /  Strategy engagements in a highly matrixed external client facing environment.  Knowledge of the Data/  Analytics strategy and COE definition; AND/ OR;.  Bachelors degree in related field, MBA preferred.  Experience and Skills:.  Cross-sector and functional experience highly desirable (Financial Services/  Healthcare/  Life Sciences/  Manufacturing/  Utilities/  Media/  Communications/ Supply Chain/ Business Applications)
Senior Process Improvement Consultant Are you looking to have a government-wide impact and work directly with senior Federal executives on their most complex management challenges? Have a penchant for process engineering, automation, facilitation, and driving results? Enjoy working on innovative issues related to transformation, strategy, process, performance, and policy? Then you might be a good fit at Management Science and Innovation (MSI). Process Improvement and Automation are core service offerings at MSI, and qualified candidates should have employment, education, and relevant certifications that demonstrate significant experience (e.  Experience with RPA is a significant advantage. MSI makes it a priority to bring industry best practices to Government, so candidates with industry and Government experience are preferred. Key Tasks: ì¨Œ Process Engineering (Lean, Six Sigma, TQM, CMM)ì¨Œ RPA Program Operationsì¨Œ Facilitation, Lean Events, Process Mappingì¨Œ Comprehensive Business Analysisì¨Œ Hands-On Development of Models and Reportsì¨Œ Innovationì¨Œ Methodology Designì¨Œ Technical Designì¨Œ Customer and Stakeholder Management Enjoy a Competitive Salary and Benefits Package: Management Science & Innovation (MSI) is a great place to work. Join a Recognized Thought Leader in Federal Process Improvement and Automation: Headquartered in Northern VA, MSI, http:/ / www.  MSI provides a combination of Lean, Six Sigma/ management consulting services and application development and integration services. 
 Yet we make sure that the user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the officers can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Experience to Have.  Experience to Have
 Experience to Have.  Professional, enterprise grade, C++ Software Development experience.  Experience to Have
 Perform system integration with Host Based Security System (HBSS).  Minimum of ten (10) years experience.  Experience with Data Sharing, Network Attached Storage (NAS), Disaster Recovery preparation, and integration of capabilities with Cloud Computing and Cyber architectures.  Experience with administering the most current versions of Windows Operating Systems and Windows Operating Systems environments, virtual infrastructure platforms, and working with vendor-neutral virtual networking solutions and technologies.  Experience with virtualization concepts, virtual and storage networking protocols, such as Fiber Channel protocols and Internet Small Computer System Interface (iSCSI).  Experience with VMWare and Hyper-V tools and VMWare Update Manager.  Experience with Hyper-V WSUS (Windows Server Update Services).  Must possess Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) version 3 Foundation.  Must possess professional-level certifications in one or more technology related vendor solutions such as Veritas, EMC Corporation, NetApp, or Tivoli, or demonstrate sufficient experience in lieu of certification.  Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business, or related field.  Experience with:
 If you have experience with any other static analysis and developer testing tools like Fortify, Parasoft, Klocwork, or Checkmarx, we'd love to talk to you!.  Experience in C/ C++ development (5+ years).  Experience with Object Oriented programming and design.  Experience with development on Linux.  Experience.  Experience or Interest with WebApp Security or Mobile Security.  Experience with one or more of Java, C#, JavaScript, Go, or Python.  Experience with compiler technology.  Experience with development on Windows.  Education & Certifications.  BA, BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent
 Minimum requirement of BS or MS, 3+ years of relevant experience.  Outstanding programming skills in C++, C, and/ or Python.  Experience taking projects from Research to Productization.  Expert in code review and production code.  Experience in manipulation or perception algorithms.  CUDA and proficiency in modern deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch is a plus.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development
 A customer-obsessed developer with 5+ years of experience in launching and operating complex web applications.  Backend service experience in languages, such as Go, Python, Java, or Scala.  Experience with search engine technologies, such as Elasticsearch or Solr.  Strong experience with databases, such as MySQL or Cassandra.  Bachelor's Degree.  Experience designing and delivering high-availability, scalable cloud-based systems.  Experience with realtime streaming event log or messaging technologies, such as Kafka or ActiveMQ.  Experience using metrics (e
 If you have experience with any other static analysis and developer testing tools like Fortify, Parasoft, Klocwork, or Checkmarx, we'd love to talk to you!.  BA, BS, MS, or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Experience in C/ C++ development (5+ years).  Experience with Object Oriented programming and design.  Experience with development on UNIX.  Experience.  Experience or Interest with WebApp Security or Mobile Security.  Experience with one or more of Java, C#, Swift, JavaScript, PHP, Python, Ruby, Scala, and Groovy.  Experience with compiler technology.  Experience with C++ templates.  Experience with development on Windows
 Minimum requirement MS or PhD and 4+ years of relevant experience.  Outstanding programming skills in C++, C, and/ or Python.  Experience taking projects from Research to Productization.  Experienced code reviewer able to produce production ready code.  CUDA and proficiency in modern deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch is a plus.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development
 Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions.  Assist in scoping and planning new programs - identifying degree of fit of with MS technologies and estimating overall timeline/ cost for an implementation and sustainment.  7+ years of experience leading agile projects or service management activities.  Extensive knowledge and experience in data warehousing, data modeling, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/ measurement, business intelligence, information retrieval, parallel and distributed computation.  Experience in implementation of Cloud Computing concepts and platforms.  Experience in analyzing very large real-world datasets and hands-on approach in data analytics.  Proven problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision-making skills.  Confident, takes ownership, willingness to do what it takes to get the job done with proven experience leading complex programs/ initiatives to successful completion.  Good written and oral communication skills with experience providing project status to line and senior management.  BS in Computer Science or related field.  Certified Scrum Master (CSM).  Experience with Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence.  The ideal candidate will have experience leading complex portfolios that include designing enterprise scale network infrastructure, agile development practices, and experience in designing & tuning telemetry
 Provide guidance as a mentor in the development of less experienced nuclear instrumentation and controls design engineers.  Sound knowledge and experience on Distributed Control Systems & Translation.  Sound knowledge and experience on PID controllers and controller development.  Ability to effectively manage and coordinate relevant interfaces between companies and departments.  Good leadership skills including effective management skills (planning, organizing, coordinating, directing).  Excellent people skills ??with peers, customers, staff, subcontractors.  BS degree in engineering from an ABET accredited program, with coursework focusing in instrumentation and process controls design engineering.  A minimum of 5 years of experience in Operator Training Simulator Development & Distributed Control Systems; .  Experience in design engineering for nuclear power plant control system is preferred.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience/ .  Experience is an advantage.  Experience in Mass & Heat Balance development and Power Station Design is an advantage
 Experience specialists and Business/ Functional Analysts.  We are seeking experienced, innovative candidates with a strong passion for knowledge, data/ analytics and/ or machine learning to fill a Product Manager position leading a new team with a focus search driven knowledge delivery.  Candidates should possess an entrepreneurial drive, meaningful SaaS-type product management expertise, ideally in the data analytics and machine learning domain, as well as experience with knowledge based software products or similar technologies.  Instil a strong prioritization of user-centered design and a focus on user experience as a key focus for the agile team.  8+ years of product management experience or equivalent experience in a product oriented role (e.  SaaS platform and digital product experience preferred.  Experience collaborating with designers, developers, QA, and other stakeholders to deliver product is required.  Experience working within software product development and a user-centered design product team environment required.  Experience with agile development processes and best practices is preferred.  Knowledge and experience with data analytics, machine learning, mathematical or algorithmic oriented product experience strongly preferred.  KT offers insight into a topic or function derived from BCGs knowledge base and case/ project experience
 Required Skills and .  Experience.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience.  Ability to work collaboratively with on-site and remote teams.  Experience meeting business needs with deliverables under tight deadlines.  3+ years of modern Python web development experience.  3+ years of front-end web development experience, including.  1+ years experience working delivering client-facing applications with AWS.  3+ years experience with Linux /  Ubuntu.  Familiarity with OWASP.  Bonus Skills.  Experience with microservices and evented architectures.  Geospatial /  GIS experience.  Domain experience in Supply-Chain and/ or the Transportation industry
 Provide guidance as a mentor in the development of less experienced nuclear instrumentation and controls design engineers.  Sound knowledge and experience on Distributed Control Systems & Translation.  Sound knowledge and experience on PID controllers and controller development.  Ability to effectively manage and coordinate relevant interfaces between companies and departments.  Good leadership skills including effective management skills (planning, organizing, coordinating, directing).  Excellent people skills ??with peers, customers, staff, subcontractors.  BS degree in engineering from an ABET accredited program, with coursework focusing in instrumentation and process controls design engineering.  A minimum of 5 years of experience in Operator Training Simulator Development & Distributed Control Systems; .  Experience in design engineering for nuclear power plant control system is preferred.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience/ .  Experience is an advantage.  Experience in Mass & Heat Balance development and Power Station Design is an advantage
 Minimum bachelors degree in engineering, mathematics, applied computer science, applied management science or operations research.  Masters degree in a computer science discipline is strongly preferred, with a background in computer programming and/ or a minimum of 3-5 years experience in advanced data processing and software development is desired.  Minimum of 2 years of Spark, Java and Python development experience, SQL, NoSQL, and data warehousing concepts, RDBMS and designing and developing cloud-based object-oriented software solutions.  Valid drivers license required with a safe driving history that meets National Grids Safe Driver policy.  Knowledge of Programming /  Software Development, Data Architecture, and Data Engineering.  Knowledge of networks and firewalls.  Ability to write code in one or more scripting languages: spark, R, Python, Ruby, Java.  Ability to work in a highly multi-tasked environment with rapidly changing business priorities.  Ability to work cross functionally and in an Agile Team setting are a must.  Has in-depth experience working with SQL Databases (Oracle, SQLServer, PostgreSQL).  Cloud administration, IAM, VPC, EC2, RDS, EMR, S3, EBS, ELB.  This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills.  Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.  National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise
 Minimum bachelors degree in engineering, mathematics, applied computer science, applied management science or operations research.  Masters degree in a computer science discipline is strongly preferred, with a background in computer programming and/ or a minimum of 3-5 years experience in advanced data processing and software development is desired.  Minimum of 2 years of Spark, Java and Python development experience, SQL, NoSQL, and data warehousing concepts, RDBMS and designing and developing cloud-based object-oriented software solutions.  Valid drivers license required with a safe driving history that meets National Grids Safe Driver policy.  Knowledge of Programming /  Software Development, Data Architecture, and Data Engineering.  Knowledge of networks and firewalls.  Ability to write code in one or more scripting languages: spark, R, Python, Ruby, Java.  Ability to work in a highly multi-tasked environment with rapidly changing business priorities.  Ability to work cross functionally and in an Agile Team setting are a must.  Has in-depth experience working with SQL Databases (Oracle, SQLServer, PostgreSQL).  Cloud administration, IAM, VPC, EC2, RDS, EMR, S3, EBS, ELB.  Ability to follow through on project management best practices.  Ability to design and develop software solutions that can be leveraged across multiple projects and have scale for the future.  Ability to learn and use multiple data models quickly.  Ability to learn multiple programming languages/  database engines for the purposes of developing and analyzing data models for various advanced analytical and big data purposes.  This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring and applying technical skills.  Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.  National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise
Responsibilities: Develop tools to extract and process client data from different sources, and tools to profile and validate data Coordinate with data scientists to transform large amounts of data and store it in a format to facilitate modeling Contribute to production operations, data pipelines, workflow management, and reliability engineering Qualifications: BS/ MS in CS (or in another quantitative discipline), or equivalent experience and self-education Fluency in a modern scripting language, like Python Fluency in SQL, and experience with non-relational/ alternative databases Desire to learn new skills and tools (e.  Ability to pay close attention to detail.  Experience working with a cloud-computing environment (e.  Experience: SQL: 3 years (Preferred)Python: 3 years 
 Expert in the field of network, especially in underlay network.  Strong track record of implementing network services in a variety of distributed computing environments.  Hands-on experience with high performance network and network optimization in highly-available, large-scale, multisite, international environments.  Strong background with building tooling and automation for provisioning, monitoring, and managing the network infrastructure.  Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience.  8+ years of experience in network, especially experience in Arista switches.  Hands-on experience in designing and implementing network at scale, such as automated deployments (e
 Strong problem-solving capabilities, including the desire to take ambiguous problems and deliver creative and well-structured solutions; as well as applying deep analytical skills to ensure recommendations are informed by data and insights.  Proven track record of team and client success, reflecting an ability to manage large and complex projects, lead and teach associates, and partner with client stakeholders to achieve common goals.  Experience in selling high-value engagements by nurturing client and prospect relationships and tailoring offerings to achieve client and business goals.  Work on a cohesive team with highly experienced business and technology consultants.  Masters degree preferred or equivalent experience.  Must be able to obtain and maintain a federal Public Trust
 Experience to Have.  Professional, enterprise grade, C++ Software Development experience.  Experience to Have
 Yet we make sure that the user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the officers can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Experience to Have.  Experience to Have
 Yet we make sure that the user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the officers can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Experience to Have.  Experience to Have
 Yet we make sure that the user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the officers can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Experience to Have.  Experience to Have
 As the feature set grows, we need to ensure that user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the military users can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Expert (SME) of military Courses of Action analysis, wargaming and simulation software systems.  Prior military tactical experience and/ or understanding of the military operations and capabilities would be a strong asset, although not required.  Key Skills to Have.  Military experience.  Excellent communicator.  Experience to Have, Some Combination needed.  Software development experience
 You will be responsible for building large-scale services as well as ensuring that the day-to-day experience of engineers are both efficient and empowering.  4 years of professional software design and development experience.  Strong technical problem solving and communication skills, both verbal and written.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: mobile, user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  Basic Qualifications:5+ years of Industry software development experience, including demonstrated coding proficiencies in C++, C#, Java, TypeScript, AngularJS and/ or ReactJS, Objective C, React Native, or another high-level programming language BS degree in Computer Science or related technical engineering discipline.  Experience with deploying, running and maintaining high quality, large scale services in storage, search, data or related fields
 Experience Level: Professional.  6+ years of advanced knowledge and professional quantitative experience (such as business intelligence, reporting, analytics, machine learning, database development), demonstrating the ability to translate business requirements to technical solutions.  Demonstrated experience in leading projects across multiple teams.  Experience with data analysis utilizing SQL and technologies such as R, Python, Tableau or Alteryx.  Financial services industry experience is a plus
 Our team is looking for a Software Engineering Leader to help us grow the next generation of Microsoft talent and build amazing AI-enabled experiences for our customers.  5+ years of experience as a practicing software engineer.  2+ years of experience as a technical lead, including mentoring and growing junior software engineers.  BS in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.  1+ years of experience in building AI or data science platforms.  Experience consuming and contributing to open source software projects.  Experience working with distributed teams.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance (US Citizenship is contractually required for this position.  Minimum years of relevant experience: 3.  Significant experience performing data science in a big data environment:.  Experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as:.  Ability to research, imagination, and think abstractly to solve complex questions or problems.  Proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS.  Ability to effectively communicate/ teach concepts to other team members, clients, and non-technical stakeholders.  Experience:.  Years of relevant experience: 10.  Technical experience:.  Skills and/ or proven success in the following:.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.  Skills Development & Certifications
 Strong problem-solving capabilities, including the desire to take ambiguous problems and deliver creative and well-structured solutions; as well as applying deep analytical skills to ensure recommendations are informed by data and insights.  Proven track record of team and client success, reflecting an ability to manage large and complex projects, lead and teach associates, and partner with client stakeholders to achieve common goals.  Experience in selling high-value engagements by nurturing client and prospect relationships and tailoring offerings to achieve client and business goals Powerful communication and storytelling skills, successfully applying verbal and written communications to influence business leaders and team members by exposing and defending points of view Ensure the strategic use of technology capabilities and business process improvements to drive business growth Provide thought leadership and coaching to junior team members Work with leaders to develop long-term partnerships that create value for our clients Analyze and interpret data to determine relevant information to build strategy components and metrics Leverage multiple sources (meetings, interviews, research) to obtain and convey information in a highly visible, fast-paced environment Very Good communication skills and able to drive meetings/ workshops Work on a cohesive team with highly experienced business and technology consultants Work closely with clients on their business process challenges to drive innovative solutions Lead the translation of functional requirements into conceptual and detailed software designs for implementation Develop a trusted advisor relationship with clients Utilize knowledge of typical enterprise identity life cycle management processes and standards.  Masters degree preferred or equivalent experience.  Must be able to obtain and maintain a federal Public Trust.  Experience: Technical Architecture: 8 years 
 Experience to Have.  Professional, enterprise grade, C++ Software Development experience.  Experience to Have
 Experience to Have.  Professional, enterprise grade, C++ Software Development experience.  Experience to Have
 Yet we make sure that the user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the officers can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Experience to Have.  Experience to Have
 Experience:4+ years development experience2+ years of GO experience in production1+ years of Node experience2+ years of AWS experience2+ years of Docker experience in production.  Familiarity with Microservice Architecture.  Familiarity with Multi-Tenant Architecture Youâ€™ve built, maintained, or architected one or more production web applications Has a strong sense for API design, database design, naming, and simplifying complex services Is familiar with dev ops concerns such as deployment, migrations, configuration, and provisioning Can self-start and is able to problem-solve given loosely-defined business needs.  Experience in a test driven environment Additional Bonus Skills: eCommerce experience is a plus Biotech or Medical .  Experience is a plusNeo4j, PostgreSql, Redis, Mongo experience AWS EC2, ECS, S3, RDS, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, LambdaNats MessagingDevOps at scale Performance Testing and Benchmarking Cyber Security, HIPAA Compliance, PII standards Machine learning and artificial intelligence Data science and analytics Computer vision and image processing Natural language processing Message from our CTO:As an engineer, there are few times in your career that you have the opportunity to join a team as an early core team member, define your own job, own your codebase, work directly with experienced engineers and solve big problems
 Associates degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 1 year of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  An Associates degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 1 year of relevant experience.  Ability to perform preventive maintenance functions on manufacturing equipment.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
MBA from a top ranked & nationally recognized business school BA/ BS in finance, accounting, economics, mathematics or engineering field.  Strong academic achievement at the undergraduate and graduate level.  3+ years practical work experience prior to graduate school.  Strong problem solving & critical thinking skills.  Strong analytical techniques and modeling skills.  Ability to work within a dynamic cross-functional team environment
 Typically requires a minimum of 8+ years of related experience.  Must excel in skill areas including Place and Route technical expertise, design flows, team work, customer focus, and communication.  Ability to work on government secure projects is desired.  Experience:
 Demonstrated experience with Information Assurance tools such as Defense Information System Agency (DISA) Enterprise Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS), Assured Compliance Assessment Solution (ACAS) and hold a Full Security Control Assessor qualification.  Thorough understanding of DoD Computer Network Defense (CND) policy and requirements and have cursory familiarity with CND tools and processes (e.  3-5 years of experience in Cybersecurity and Risk Management Framework, including ACAS scans and STIG application, network security, and understanding of the RMF workflow process.  Navy Qualified Validator (Level II).  You will be an even better fit, if you have experience in these areas:.  3-5 years of experience in software application and hardware testing.  Experience in planning, organizing, completing and presenting assessments of National Security/ IA-related concepts, analyses, studies and procedures.  Navy Qualified Validator Level III.  Masters degree in Information Technology, specializing in Information Assurance, Systems Engineering, Network Architecture and Design, or related field of study.  Wed expect you to have the following educational background, but appropriate experience (above) may outweigh the education requirements:.  Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, specializing in Information Assurance, Systems Engineering, Network Architecture and Design, or related field of study
 Antuit is looking for a senior data scientist who has knowledge and experience in developing machine learning algorithms, particularly in forecasting with data science toolkits like Python and Spark to develop scalable and modular machine learning models.  Experience working in the demand forecasting or supply chain domain is a plus.  Excellent opportunity to learn and contribute to solving world-class data science problems.  Skills and Qualifications:.  Masters or Ph.  3+ years experience working in applied machine learning.  Experience working in start-up type environment preferred.  Experience in CPG and/ or Retail preferred
Work with a team of engineers and help meet tight deadlines Requirements A degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 5-7 years of experience building web applications Prior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineer Solid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAX Skilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/ Hadoop/ Hive/ HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. Hands-on experience with Python, Java or AI Algorithms Contribution to open-source projects Compensation Competitive salary, based on the experience Stock options Paid vacation Job Type: Full-time Salary: $100,000.  Experience: Software Development: 6 years (Required)PHP: 4 years 
Senior Cloud Software EngineerFt Meade, MDDirect Hire must possess active TS/ SCI CI Polygraph Clearance Required: 1.  Shall have at least eight (8) years experience in software development/ engineering, including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/ resolution.  Shall have at least six (6) years of experience developing software with java and other high-level languages such as C, C++.  Shall have demonstrated work experience with the Map Reduce programming model and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig.  Shall have demonstrated work experience with the Hadoop Distributed File System(HDFS).  Shall have demonstrated work experience with serialization such as JSON and/ or BSON.  Shall have demonstrated work experience developing Restful services.  Shall have at least five (5) years experience developing software for UNIX/ Linux operating systems.  Shall have demonstrated work experience in the requirements analysis and design of at least one Object Oriented system.  Shall have demonstrated work experience developing solutions integrating and extending FOSS/ COTS products.  Shall have at least three (3) years experience in software integration and software testing, to include developing and implementing test plans and test scripts.  In addition, the candidate will have demonstrated work experience in at least four(4) of the desired characteristics.  Experience deploying applications in a cloud environment.  Experience developing and deploying: data driven analytics; event driven analytics; sets of analytics orchestrated through rules engines.  Experience designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and  algorithms.  Experience developing and deploying: analytics that function on massive data sets, for example, more than a billion rows or larger than 10 Petabytes; analytics that employ semantic relationships (i.  Experience with taxonomy construction for analytic disciplines, knowledge areas and skills.  Experience documenting ontologies, data models, schemas, formats, data element  dictionaries, software application program interfaces and other technical specifications.  Experience developing and deploying analytics within a heterogeneous schema environment.  Experience: developing software with java and other high-level languages: 6 years (Required)developing software for UNIX/ Linux: 5 years (Required)Software Development/ Engineering: 8 years (Required)License: Active TS/ SCI CI Polygraph Clearance 
 Experience scaling out a project management teams; understanding team limitations & knowing when to scale out, efficiently, as Pandio grows.  Experience with cloud technologies, data science, AI, machine learning and natural language processing knowledge a major plus.  Masters, SIx Sigma or Project Management certifications a plus.  Must be well organized. Relevant work experience with technology integrations, business requirements documents, and projects managed across Business and Technical teams. 4-6 years of technical Project Management, Sales Engineer, Software Development, Customer Success, Partner Management, or Product Management experience in data, internet, or technology company. Competitive Benefits & Compensation: Competitive salary based on experience, plus Stock options & bonuses We pay 100% insurance (medical, vision, and dental)Unlimited vacation days Fitness Center complete with locker room and shower offering weekly yoga and circuit training courses The Cantina (building break room offering coffee & cold brew, fresh gourmet food choices, premium DirecTV channels, wifi, shuffleboard, ping-pong, and more)Outdoor courtyard (wifi, comfortable areas for seating & dining)Fully stocked suite breakroom & Mr.  Experience: Project /  Program Management: 4 years (Required)Software Development : 4 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 8+ years of experience in software development using Open Source technology.  1 year of experience mentoring software developers.  2+ years of experience in software management and managing backlog requirements.  Working experience with C++ and Python.  Knowledge of or working experience with CI/ CD pipelines.  Experience:.  Experience transforming large, government programs to the cloud.  Experience working in an Agile environment
 Provide guidance as a mentor in the development of less experienced nuclear instrumentation and controls design engineers.  Sound knowledge and experience on Distributed Control Systems & Translation.  Sound knowledge and experience on PID controllers and controller development.  Ability to effectively manage and coordinate relevant interfaces between companies and departments.  Good leadership skills including effective management skills (planning, organizing, coordinating, directing).  Excellent people skills ??with peers, customers, staff, subcontractors.  BS degree in engineering from an ABET accredited program, with coursework focusing in instrumentation and process controls design engineering.  A minimum of 5 years of experience in Operator Training Simulator Development & Distributed Control Systems; .  Experience in design engineering for nuclear power plant control system is preferred.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience/ .  Experience is an advantage.  Experience in Mass & Heat Balance development and Power Station Design is an advantage
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems4+ years of professional software development experience.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field Equivalent experience to a Bachelor's degree based on 3 years of work experience for every 1 year of education4+ years professional experience in software development3+ years professional experience in managing software development teams Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.  Knowledge of, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, Objective C, or Java.  We will intelligently help customers anticipate and keep track of what they need, save them time, and experience the best value during shopping.  You will have an impact on Amazon's new devices and the way shopping is done across a whole spectrum of user experiences.  What we are looking for: We are seeking a talented and experienced Sr.  Software Engineer to design and develop the flexible experiences, machine learning models and distributed systems that will empower making this vision a reality.  We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills.  Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.  Experience in any one or more of the following areas: distributed systems, artificial intelligence, machine learning, full-stack development.  Knowledge of professional software engineering best practices, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Strong track record of helping build productive and successful software development teams, actively developing talent.  Ability to take raw product requirements and create software architecture, design, and code to bring them to life. High attention to detail with proven ability to juggle multiple, competing priorities simultaneously and make things happen in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Excellent interpersonal skills; ability to work successfully with teams across the organization, including Engineering, Product Management, and Senior Leadership
 Minimum 5 plus years of experience as a compliance professional at a broker-dealer.  Knowledge of general equities and options trading rules and regulations (SEC, FINRA, NYSE, NASDAQ, CBOE, ISE, etc.  Strong writing and communication skills.  Ability to perform with high level of discretion, professionalism, and integrity.  Ability to communicate issues to senior management in an effective and succinct manner
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Functional experience and depth with contact center technologies Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively Understand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners
7+ years of relevant engineering experience.  Experience managing projects across cross functional teams, building sustainable processes and coordinating release schedules5+ years of technical program management experience Bachelorâ€™s Degree in Computer science, engineering or scientific discipline, or equivalent experience8+ years working in product development, including hands-on experience of large scale releases, web service technologies and object-oriented programming languages8+ years managing release schedules and process innovations for Agile development teams4+ years communicating vision and strategy to executive (C-level) stakeholders while also diving into detail to influence the right outcomes and bring issues to resolution.  We are looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager to head-up development initiatives related to , security and policy enforcement for the spoken language understanding technology that powers the Alexa voice experience.  You will build a world-class program processes that drive both core technology improvements and innovation in different dimensions of the voice experience; You will use perceptive insights on business and customer requirements to drive vision and planning for the organization as a whole; You will dive deep into our architecture and systems and learn about the technologies and feedback loops that power the Alexa experience and create initiatives for technology innovation and continuous improvement; You will work closely with a team of diverse skillsets and backgrounds to improve the modeling experience for our customers. You will work closely with usage data, business development, legal and policy organizations to improve our data and policy enforcement controls for customers; You will drive improvements in the science and engineering lifecycle to accelerate our ability to deliver ground-breaking innovation across a rapidly increasing number of customers, platforms and experiences; You will engage on a regular and frequent basis with Senior Executive teams on product status, risks and strategy.  Excellent listening, writing skills and strong technical ability are essential.  The ideal candidate will have 10 or more years of relevant work experience in internet-related project and/ or technical product management in a applications environment.  The ideal candidate will have experience defining projects, collecting requirements, writing detailed functional and test specifications, coordinating efforts to scope, schedule, and deploy new features, as well as analyzing the cost/ benefit of feature selection and communicating results throughout the organization.  Masters degree in computer science, engineering or scientific discipline, or equivalent experience.  Experience working directly with technologies, statistical systems or big data platforms.  Experience driving programs related to consumer online security, or policy enforcement for research science, data science disciplines
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field, 5+ years experience.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery and thinking big.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively8+ years experience working on successful technology products from ideation through launch.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners
-This NLP Engineer will use this information to develop data-driven solutions, along with experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI).  Minimum qualifications: ì¨Œ 4+ years of industry experience in MLì¨Œ PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, or relevant technical fieldì¨Œ or M.  in above fields with significant academic/ industry experience in MLì¨Œ Track record of productionizing ML modelsì¨Œ Track record of projects in supervised learning across multiple data domains that show extensive knowledge and ability to design models/ experiments from scratchì¨Œ .  Strong understanding of machine learning and deep learning fundamentalsì¨Œ Fluency in Python and ML/ NLP librariesì¨Œ .  Experience with databases and data structuring/ warehousingì¨Œ .  Experience with API development and integrationì¨Œ .  Excellent communication and ability to estimate accurate project timelinesì¨Œ .  Ability to read and replicate ML models described in academic papers with no supervision Job Type: Full-time Salary: $150,000.  Experience: Prouductionizing ML Models: 4 years (Required)ML/ NLP Libraries: 4 years (Preferred)Databases: 3 years (Preferred)API Development & integration: 3 years (Preferred)Python: 4 years (Preferred)Deep Learning fundamentals: 4 years (Required)Data Structuring/ Warehousing: 3 years (Preferred)Machine Learning(ML): 4 years (Required)Education: Doctorate (Preferred)Work 
 Strong Computer Science fundamentals including familiarity with algorithms, object-oriented programming, and design skills.  Strong object-oriented programming and design skills.  Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills.  Full stack development experience.  3-6 years of professional/ industry software engineering experience.  ??Working with design and client-side teams to ensure a phenomenal user experience.  Experience.  BS/ MS in Computer Science or equivalent
 Skills.  BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or relevant technical field required, MS/ PhD a plus.  Strong experience in working with various sensors (IMU, camera, GPS, etc.  Experience in computer vision and/ or deep learning algorithms a plus.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 Exercise you strong decision making skills in terms of data analysis and architecting large data infrastructure.  Masters, Senior Business Analysts, and other client stakeholders.  Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a software related discipline.  A Master s degree in a related field is an added plus.  8 years of experience designing applications using Adobe Creative Suite, Web Technologies, Wireframing, UI Prototyping, Visual Design.  8 years of experience designing applications using Adobe Creative Suite, Web Technologies, Wireframing, UI Prototyping, Visual Design.  Experience designing, building, testing and releasing software solutions in a complex, large organization.  Experience level 8 years in UI design using Adobe Creative Suite, Web Technologies, Wireframing.  Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a software related discipline
 Skills.  Masters degree in Electrical Engineering.  Demonstrated experience in the full hardware product lifecycle including DFM, EMC and safety approvals, and handover to Production.  Familiarity with SoC designs, preferably with mobile electronics including LPDDR3/ 4 and high-speed peripheral interfaces, e.  Experience working on Automotive systems is plus.  Strong low-level software skills and the ability to do initial board bring up on Android/  Embedded Linux will be plus.  Experience working on RF /  Wireless designs is a strong plus.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Receive growth opportunities and career mentoring from a diverse group of experienced professionals with opportunities for career advancement without sacrificing work/ life balance.  Be at the core of a proven, respected tax team with a passion for what they do.  Ability to apply basic tax concepts to non-US jurisdictions.  Experience with tax treaty analysis and their interaction with domestic law.  Track record of proven business partnering.  Ability to provide business focused solutions to tax issues.  Experience working as part of a multi-national team.  Ability to risk assess in an ambiguous environment.  Excellent verbal and written communications.  Experience that will help in this role:.  Working experience with tax rules in Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, India, Malaysia, and EMEA.  Experience with indirect taxes including GST/ VAT/ consumption tax.  Experience supporting global mobility assignments.  Tax controversy experience.  10-years of tax experience ??Big 4 or large corporate experience preferred.  Ability to work with a multinational and cross functional team.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Strong focus on working as a team within tax as well as cross-functional groups.  Masters degree or equivalent preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Accounting/ Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 5 ||
 Skills.  BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or relevant technical field required, MS/ PhD a plus.  Strong experience in working with various sensors (IMU, camera, GPS, etc.  Experience in computer vision and/ or deep learning algorithms a plus.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 Skills.  Honors or Master's degree in Electrical Engineering.  Demonstrated experience in the full hardware product lifecycle including DFM, EMC and safety approvals, and handover to Production.  Familiarity with SoC designs, preferably with mobile electronics including LPDDR3/ 4 and high-speed peripheral interfaces, e.  Experience working on Automotive systems is plus.  Strong low-level software skills and the ability to do initial board bring up on Android/  Embedded Linux will be plus.  Experience working on RF /  Wireless designs is a strong plus.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 Experience Personalization, driving digital growth and brand loyalty for over 200 of the worlds largest B2C and B2B brands and retailers.  Our SaaS solutions leverage advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies to bridge the experience gap between marketing and commerce through personalized content, offers and search.  We help digital marketing leaders stage memorable experiences that speak to individual buyers ??from their first click, at scale, in real time, and across the customer lifecycle.  Even before the next normal, when every day became a Black Friday and online commerce became the lifeblood of so many businesses, Rich Relevance delivered over $35B in attributable sales to its customers by serving up the right experience, every time.  All candidates must be self-motivated with a proven track record in enterprise software sales and knowledge either in SaaS technologies, ecommerce software and analytics /  big data.  5+ years relevant experience in SaaS software presales or consultancy.  Solution-selling and platform sales experience.  JavaScript /  HTML /  CSS web development experience.  Knowledge of backend web and system architectures.  Retail (B2C and B2B), CPG and/ or grocery experience preferred.  in Computer Science or Business & Technology or related field, or the equivalent in education and/ or experience
 MS/ BS in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent discipline.  14 years of experience in IT, with demonstrated Agile experience and training that has led into Senior Scrum Master/ Coach roles over the last ten years with product or SaaS companies.  Awareness and experience with widely successful Agile techniques: User Stories, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Agile Games.  Ability to take initiative and apply critical thinking techniques to analyze problems, develop solutions or manage risk.  Knowledge and experience of using tools such as JIRA, Confluence, Excel.  Experience with CI/ CD deployment of cloud solutions a strong plus.  Demonstrate experience delivering complex software project and solutions on time.  Experience working cross-functionality and cross-organizationally to align dependencies and deliverables. ai's technology helps companies create a personalized, predictive and effortless customer experience across all channels
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field and 5 years of experience.  Ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study.  Strong knowledge of advanced cyber threats, active defensive cyber tools, active offensive attack surfaces and adversary methodologies.  Experience with enterprise architecture, software development, cyber operations, command and control systems, space control, space sensors and data exploitation, and astrodynamics.  Ability to think strategically about technical and operational challenges within a security organization and experience developing roadmaps and implementation plans for moving an organization forward.  Ability to develop new ideas and techniques that advance the state of the practice for cyber defensive operations.  Experience and knowledge are desired but not limited to the following areas: detection and/ or cybersecurity analysis (e.  Ability to communicate complex, concepts, ideas in a confident and well-organized manner.  Experience in implementing cryptography, encryption, anti-tamper, and anti-spoofing technologies.  Knowledge of cross domain technologies and implementation
 A Bachelor's degree with 9 years of relevant experience OR a Master's degree with 7 years of relevant experience OR a PhD with 4 years of relevant experience; An additional 4 years of experience maybe considered in lieu of a degree requirement.  Experience working in an Agile development environment.  Experience with Web UI Javascript frameworks, Python, Spark, and/ or Jupyter Notebooks.  Experience with Big Data Analytics and/ or Machine Learning Frameworks (i.  Experience with AWS SageMaker, AWS AI Services
 Experience.  Working alongside designers and UX researchers on the team who can help conceptualize the experience.  You will be one of the voice gurus who will advocate for consistent interfaces and experiences for multiple projects across GEICOs digital platforms.  Youll be working side by side with designers and UX researchers on the team who can help conceptualize the experience.  5+years of experience in designing voice applications or multimodal speech interfaces3+ years of experience within a corporate or agency setting.  Experience with designing for conversational AI.  Experience in designing voice interaction flows.  Experience with prototyping voice user experiences.  Experience in working with personas to write copy in persona.  Experience in implementing innovative, successful consumer voice experiences.  Ability to produce precise VUI specifications.  Experience designing iOS/ Android app and responsive web interfaces BA/ BS or higher in Linguistics, Computational Linguistics, Application Design, HCI or a related field, or equivalent practical experience
 BS /  MS or equivalent work experience.  8+ years total experience in the security industry.  Familiarity and demonstrable experience with:.  Excellent communication and organizational skills.  MS, or Ph
 You Have:3+ years of experience with active research in physics, chemistry, mathematics, or applied statistics, including graduate school and postdoctoral research.  Experience with research in the areas of ion traps, superconducting qubits, semiconducting circuits, and linear optics or theoretical research on topics of quantum computing, quantum information, or quantum annealing.  Experience with authoring peer-reviewed papers.  Experience with programming languages for analytics or scientific applications, including Python and R.  Ability to communicate to both technical and non-technical audiences effectively.  Ability to obtain a security clearance MA or MS degree.  Experience with project management for scientific projects.  Experience with data science, including analysis, data visualization, and machine learning PhD degree
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  The experienced Senior Digital Signal Processing Engineer will be responsible and accountable for the electrical technical planning, scheduling, cost analysis, risk analysis and successful execution of small to medium programs or the major electrical subsystems of a larger program containing substantial electrical content.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Proven, effective leadership skills to guide work groups and programs to successful completion.  Ability to travel as needed.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 We are looking for an experienced technology architect who wants to deliver the next generation intelligent digital health platform that will be the foundation of our products, services, and solutions across therapeutic areas such as Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, and Oncology.  You are highly technical, analytical, able to work effectively in a matrix organization, and adept at synthesizing a variety of information including research, competitive analysis, user behavior, and new technologies /  capabilities, transforming them into features and experiences that consumers love.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems or related field; .  Masters in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related preferred.  8+ years relevant experience in a software development role including experience with large scale systems.  Experience with BigData technology stack; Spark, Cassandra and Kafka including performance tuning and troubleshooting production issues.  Experience in bringing one or more AI based products deployed in production or at scale which uses machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, or natural language processing.  Experience in oAuth2 and SSL.  Experience working with Asynchronous networking frameworks ??Netty.  Experience tuning Network sockets layers in the cloud.  Experience with Complex event processing ??CEP.  Experience with reactive programming ??Vert.  Experience with ML techniques and ML runtime environment.  Experience working with Private Virtual Cloud Infrastructure.  Ability to travel internationally 25%.  10+ years relevant experience in a software development role.  Experience with Druid, Neo4J, TensorFlow, PySpark, Vert.  Experience in Kubernetes KubeFlow.  Experience with network mesh for service-discovery, load balancing, ALB; Apps Load Balancing, blue-green deployment.  Experience working with Quality Management Systems.  Experience with medical devices and/ or Software as a Medical Device.  Familiarity with Wearable and IoT Devices.  Experience with developing Virtual Reality/ Augmented Reality hardware/ software solutions
EnsoData, a fast growing, venture-backed startup based in Madison, WI, is seeking an experienced candidate for the position of Senior Frontend Engineer.  The mission for the Senior Frontend Engineer is to deliver outstanding user experiences and interfaces that delight end-users.  Incorporate a user-friendly mobile viewing experience.  5+ years experience as a frontend or full-stack engineer.  Expert in Python, Flask, React, Redux.  Experience with designing, building and testing high-quality web applications.  Experience with implementing user analytics measures.  Bonus: experience working within a HIPAA complaint environment
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Strong knowledge of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories.  Strong proficiency with requirements management & system modeling tools What SETS YOU APART: Exceptional communication skills with the capacity to get buy-in on concepts and ideas Creative thinking with the ability to multi-task Aptitude to quickly grasp and apply new information Effectively leads teams to the successful completion of major programs and projects.  Ability to interact with project teams, managers and end users
 Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics.  Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python The ability to carry out analysis of systems, particularly radar and communication systems.  Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows.  Experience with programming of motion control systems and /  or microwave test equipment.  Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers An understanding of statistical methods in process control.  Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects.  Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs Preferred DEGREE TYPES AND EXPERIENCE: .  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics.  Master's Degree is preferred. Design or test experience with antennas and/ or radomes
 in computer science or a related field with 5+ years of relevant experience.  Excellent C/ C++ programming and debugging skills.  Shell scripting experience.  Python and Perl experience is a plus.  Experience writing software applications that interface with device drivers and expose associated hardware functionality.  Strong understanding of computer system architecture, operating system and kernel internals.  Strong experience with Linux and comfortable working in a cross-platform environment (Linux and Windows).  Experience with multi-core /  multi-process /  multi-threaded programming environment.  Strong understanding of networking fundamentals and high-performance networks like Ethernet/ IB.  Experience with OS virtualization technologies like KVM/ QEMU/ Hyper-V etc.  Ability and flexibility to work and communicate effectively in a multi-national, multi-time-zone corporate environment
 BA in CS or equivalent practical experience.  5-8 years of hands-on experience in Python.  Experience writing Integration and Unit tests in Python.  Experience developing Python client code that works across Windows, Linux, and Mac.  Experience with RESTful web services.  Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery.  Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills required.  Show previous experience with developing Python CLI and SDKs
 We are looking for experienced SR QA Automation Engineers with 8 years of experience in testing large scale J2EE implementations.  BS BA degree in computer science, engineering or related discipline. 3 5 or more years of direct experience in software quality assurance software testing,.  Ability to work in a Sprint Team environment or independently as needed.  Knowledge of test automation frameworks and must have participated in rolled out test automation initiatives.  Knowledge of BDD, TDD, Gherkin spec and their application is a plus Understanding of services example REST , JSON and XML data formats is recommended Very good understanding of SDLC process.  Excellent problem solving interpersonal communication skills a must.  Strong SQL Scripting skills Working knowledge of CI to create builds using Jenkins.  Expertise.  Must have proficiency in at least one tool from each category
 We are looking for experienced SR QA Automation Engineers with 8 years of experience in testing large scale J2EE implementations.  BS BA degree in computer science, engineering or related discipline. 3 5 or more years of direct experience in software quality assurance software testing,.  Ability to work in a Sprint Team environment or independently as needed.  Knowledge of test automation frameworks and must have participated in rolled out test automation initiatives.  Knowledge of BDD, TDD, Gherkin spec and their application is a plus Understanding of services example REST , JSON and XML data formats is recommended Very good understanding of SDLC process.  Excellent problem solving interpersonal communication skills a must.  Strong SQL Scripting skills Working knowledge of CI to create builds using Jenkins.  Expertise.  Must have proficiency in at least one tool from each category
 Requires balance of analytical, and technical skills in addition to the ability to effectively work across teams.  Senior Analysts will have familiarity with IT and/ or cyber security and be responsible for driving remediation strategies.  Familiarity with Cyber Security concepts.  Strong analytical and communication skills.  Experience with managing or performing penetration testing is a plus.  Minimum 8 years experience.  Familiarity with Cyber Security concepts, penetration testing, and/ or coding is a plus.  We truly believe our employees diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients
 7 10 years of experience in the software industry. Bachelor s degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related field willing to accept foreign education equivalent.  Java J2EE design and development experience using Spring, Spring Boot, JNDI, XML, XSLT, JUnit.  Architectural experience UML and OO design.  Database SQL tuning experience. 8 experience.  Preferred Skills.  Strong expertise in Spring Hibernate framework and any responsive web technologies like Bootstrap and Angular JS. Must know spring Integration and Spring Boot.  Knowledge of Internet based B2C and B2B2C Financial Services and Credit Industry desired. Cloud experience and awareness AWS Preferred 
 7 10 years of experience in the software industry. Bachelor s degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related field willing to accept foreign education equivalent.  Java J2EE design and development experience using Spring, Spring Boot, JNDI, XML, XSLT, JUnit.  Architectural experience UML and OO design.  Database SQL tuning experience. 8 experience.  Exposure.  Preferred Skills.  Strong expertise in Spring Hibernate framework and any responsive web technologies like Bootstrap and Angular JS. Must know spring Integration and Spring Boot.  Knowledge of Internet based B2C and B2B2C Financial Services and Credit Industry desired. Cloud experience and awareness GCP or AWS Preferred 
 We have an exciting new opportunity for a senior technologist and experienced digital transformation leader for the GA ITS Solutions organization.  Develop and implement a strategy for creating proficiency with next generation IT capabilities focused on cloud programming and applications, low code/ no code solutions and automation capabilities (Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Artificial Intelligence (AI)/  Machine learning (ML) applications and mobility/ wearables technologies).  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply
 We're seeking an experience Senior Application Security Engineer to bring DevSecOps practices and principles to our application development teams.   Required Skills and .  Experience.  5+ years of experience in the application security and security engineering space.  Proven ability to build, manage and monitor mission critical environments.  5+ years of direct experience in securing networks, web applications, intrusion detection, defense and incident response, security configuration management, access controls design and implementation, and security policy and standards development.  Experience with static code analysis and dynamic code analysis with security code reviews.  Familiarity with security in serverless architecture and application designs.  Knowledge of RESTful API design/ development.  Hands-on experience with security tools, such as: DAST and SAST.  Strong experience of application penetration testing, common vulnerability analysis techniques and information security threat vectors.  Fuzzing, reverse engineering and advanced exploitation techniques experience.  Experience with AWS.  Master's in Computer Science, engineering, information systems or related field or equivalent experience
 To maintain the best customer experience with our product, service, and support, we are looking to hire qualified, dedicated, and self-motivated candidates who can help us further our business mission, i.  Essential Skills:.  Experience Designing API service for consumption by internal or external developers.  Experience working on Service Oriented Architecture and Software as a Service (SaaS) multi-tenant application.  Strong skills in developing an enterprise application.  Past experience of developing and maintaining Software Products.  Preferred Skills:.  Working experience of Angular 2.  Experience Requirements.  BS/ BSc or MS/ MSc in Computer Science.  4 years and above experience with demonstrated proactivity & ownership.  Experience of working with geo-distributed teams in different time zones
 The position will be networked across RIS factories, which includes locations in McKinney (TX), Forest (MS), Santa Barbara County (CA), and Largo (FL), in addition to operations and automation engineers from other Raytheon Technologies business units.  The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of automation deployment and/ or sustainment in a factory setting, including high mix, low volume production.  Required Skills:.  Experience in automation design, development, deployment, validation and/ or sustainment in a factory setting.  4+ years professional engineering experience in a manufacturing environment, with at least 2 years being directly related to automation and/ or controls.  Experience with automation systems (robots, vision systems, PLCs, etc.  Experience with process integration and electromechanical /  mechatronic systems.  Experience in mechanical and/ or electrical design, computer vision, artificial intelligence, or other related field.  Experience with CAD (Solidworks, Pro E, AutoCAD electrical, etc.  Ability to demonstrate strong critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Ability to obtain a DoD Secret clearance.  Desired Skills:.  Exposure to a wide variety of production machinery, industrial sensors, and equipment (LVDT and pressure transducers, dispense systems, temperature controllers, DC torque controllers, current and power meters, etc.  Knowledge of Electrical Standards (NFPA79, National Electric code, UL508A).  Knowledge of Safety standards (ANSI/ RIA15.  Experience programming Cartesian, SCARA and Articulated robots is highly desired (Fanuc, UR or others).  Experience with Vision systems (Cognex, Keyence, Fanuc).  Experience creating technical specifications for automated manufacturing equipment is highly desired.  Experience transitioning products and processes from prototype to production desired.  Familiarity with Industry 4.  Experience with cyber and/ or cyber-physical systems security protocols.  Experience with PLCs, MTConnect, and/ or Transactional Automation (use of API, XML).  Strong project management and project planning experience/ knowledge with demonstrated ability to drive projects to successful completion.  Strong interpersonal communication (verbal, written and presentation) skills with the ability to interact positively and collaboratively with others at all levels of the organization.  Experience in project management, preferably, as it relates to automation development and deployment, including MS Project schedule development, and financial measures/ metrics.  Ability to obtain an SSBI clearance, or candidate holds active SSBI.  Experience or education in systems engineering and application to automation systems.  BS in and Engineering field or the sciences.  MS in engineering or business related field (for example, systems engineering, manufacturing engineering, or industrial engineering, MBA, Business Management, Program Management)
 Must have a strong understanding of:.  Ideally, also have experience with:.  Experience of deploying Django application in the field (WSGI, load balancing, ??.  Exposure to Data Science/ ML/ Analytics and common tools, such as Spark/ Pandas/  Tensorflow
 Designing a great user experience requires someone that is a strong communicator and facilitator to extract the best ideas.  7+ years of experience in software UI design creating artifacts including low- through high-fidelity mockups, interactive prototypes, and journey maps.  5+ years of experience designing the software UI of enterprise-level B2B or B2C applications that support users who are performing complex, technical tasks.  5+ years experience as an embedded designer within cross-functional teams.  Prior experience translating your early design concepts through to released product in partnership with functions including engineering, domain/ subject matter experts, and product management.  2+ years experience in planning, conducting, or participating in UX generative and evaluative research to discover user needs, define workflows and use cases, and iteratively refine prototypes.  Have experience working on an Agile team consisting of product managers and engineers.  Holder of a degree or certification in design, human-computer interaction, human factors/ ergonomics, software engineering, or experimental or cognitive psychology; or have equivalent experience in product design and user experience principles and methods.  Have experience using Figma.  Have experience in designing user interfaces for search.  Have experience with HTML/ CSS/ JavaScript or other coding frameworks.  Given the high caliber of talent, the cutting-edge cloud-based technology stack, and thoughtful and novel product and design approach, you'll find yourself learning and growing at a rate you've not likely experienced in your career
Roku is working on improving the reporting and monitoring of our user experience.  Define and develop insights into the accuracy, quality and other metrics for the user's experience while interacting with our artificial intelligence capabilities.  Help and discuss with the engineering teams' ways of improving the user experience.  At least 10 years experience working in a data-related engineering position.  Solid programming skills in python and/ or scripting languages in a Unix environment.  Experience with querying large databases with Hive.  Experience with visualizing data with Looker.  Practical experience with cleaning, manipulating, and analyzing large data sets.  Strong oral and written skills.  Ability to thrive as a self-driven employee who can follow tasks from conception to production
 Our team of Atollogists has more than 100 years of combined manufacturing industry experience with diverse and unique backgrounds.  Not only are you excited about developing new features, maintaining existing code, and fixing bugs, you are driven to use all of your experience and more to create real, useful technology solutions and customer value.  Design clean end-to-end user experiences by implementing web and/ or mobile interfaces using XHTML, CSS, and JavaScript.  Optimize and troubleshoot your applications end-to-end to ensure responsiveness and correctness of the user-experience.  5+ years of programming experience using Javascript and Python-3.  5+ years of experience with a mix of relational, document, and NoSQL databases.  5+ years of experience with foundation level web technologies: JavaScript, XHTML, CSS.  Have proficiency and comfort wielding a variety of new technologies along with existing assets to deliver high-value solutions addressing immediate customer needs.  Excellent verbal and written skills
 He loves to share his experience where it can be helpful but also wants to learn from everyone on the team including you.  Ability to work from home.  Experience.  Experience with a payment processor like Stripe, Braintree or other.  Ecommerce experience.  Strongly Preferred.  Knowledge of code design patterns: Facade, Factory, etc.  Shopify experience.  GA/ GTM experience.  Knowledge of SRP, AOP and SOLID.  Knowledge of unit/ integration/ E2E testing
 We are looking for experienced SR QA Automation Engineers with 8 years of experience in testing large scale J2EE implementations.  BS BA degree in computer science, engineering or related discipline. 3 5 or more years of direct experience in software quality assurance software testing,.  Ability to work in a Sprint Team environment or independently as needed.  Knowledge of test automation frameworks and must have participated in rolled out test automation initiatives.  Knowledge of BDD, TDD, Gherkin spec and their application is a plus Understanding of services example REST , JSON and XML data formats is recommended Very good understanding of SDLC process.  Excellent problem solving interpersonal communication skills a must.  Strong SQL Scripting skills Working knowledge of CI to create builds using Jenkins.  Expertise.  Must have proficiency in at least one tool from each category
 We are looking for experienced SR QA Automation Engineers with 8 years of experience in testing large scale J2EE implementations.  BS BA degree in computer science, engineering or related discipline. 3 5 or more years of direct experience in software quality assurance software testing,.  Ability to work in a Sprint Team environment or independently as needed.  Knowledge of test automation frameworks and must have participated in rolled out test automation initiatives.  Knowledge of BDD, TDD, Gherkin spec and their application is a plus Understanding of services example REST , JSON and XML data formats is recommended Very good understanding of SDLC process.  Excellent problem solving interpersonal communication skills a must.  Strong SQL Scripting skills Working knowledge of CI to create builds using Jenkins.  Expertise.  Must have proficiency in at least one tool from each category
 7 10 years of experience in the software industry. Bachelor s degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related field willing to accept foreign education equivalent.  Java J2EE design and development experience using Spring, Spring Boot, JNDI, XML, XSLT, JUnit.  Architectural experience UML and OO design.  Database SQL tuning experience. 8 experience.  Preferred Skills.  Strong expertise in Spring Hibernate framework and any responsive web technologies like Bootstrap and Angular JS. Must know spring Integration and Spring Boot.  Knowledge of Internet based B2C and B2B2C Financial Services and Credit Industry desired. Cloud experience and awareness AWS Preferred 
 7 10 years of experience in the software industry. Bachelor s degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related field willing to accept foreign education equivalent.  Java J2EE design and development experience using Spring, Spring Boot, JNDI, XML, XSLT, JUnit.  Architectural experience UML and OO design.  Database SQL tuning experience. 8 experience.  Exposure.  Preferred Skills.  Strong expertise in Spring Hibernate framework and any responsive web technologies like Bootstrap and Angular JS. Must know spring Integration and Spring Boot.  Knowledge of Internet based B2C and B2B2C Financial Services and Credit Industry desired. Cloud experience and awareness GCP or AWS Preferred 
 Minimum 5 plus years of experience as a compliance professional at a broker-dealer.  Knowledge of general equities and options trading rules and regulations (SEC, FINRA, NYSE, NASDAQ, CBOE, ISE, etc.  Strong writing and communication skills.  Ability to perform with high level of discretion, professionalism, and integrity.  Ability to communicate issues to senior management in an effective and succinct manner
 As a Senior Software Developer in Test on the Avigilon Cloud Services team, you will help us test our new features and enhance our existing software, tools, and experiences to help delight our customers by extending our application capabilities and enhancing the existing AI technologies we use.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.  You have 5+ years' hands on experience in multi-threaded code in a high-level programming language (i.  Experiences with automation tools like WebDriver.  You have 3+ years experience building, designing, and maintaining the Automation Test Framework.  You have experience in manual and automated RESTful API and web application testing.  Experience using Visual Studio and have written unit tests using MSTest or NUnit for Microsoft Window applications.  Expert knowledge around containerization around Docker and related tools.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical discipline, or equivalent experience.  You have 5+ years' hands on experience in multi-threaded code in a high-level programming language (i
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Experience working with Machine Learning or Computer Vision techniques.  Hands-on experience and strong background with modern project/ software management processes and tools, e
 Bachelors Degree in EE, CS or CE with at least 5+ years of relevant experience or an Advanced Degree with equivalent experience.  Experience in verification using random stimulus along with functional coverage and assertion-based verification methodologies.  Experience with design and verification tools (VCS or equivalent simulation tools, debug tools like Debussy, GDB).  Experience in crafting test bench environments for unit and system level verification.  Expertise in System Verilog or similar HVL.  Perl and C/ C++ programming language experience desirable.  Prior experience with arbiters, interconnect networks and/ or caches is desirable.  Strong communication skills and ability & desire to work as a great teammate are huge plus
 Experience Goals and Measures.  Required Skills:.  Minimum of 8 years' experience as a Product Manager.  Experience running product management across the Analytics spectrum ranging from basic operational reports up to predictive analytics, including Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI).  Ability to lead definition of key performance indicators /  metrics.  Experience working with data models, reporting and visualization tools Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlik, etc.  Experience with business intelligence pipelines and data warehousing solutions.  Proven mentor skills and demonstrable knowledge of SDLC, Agile development methodologies, and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).  Experience with managing offshore product owners and development teams.  Proven track record of timely, high quality product delivery.  Preferred Skills:.  Experience with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tools such as Salesforce.  Experience in the FinTech or Banking industry.  Experience designing and deploying integrations with third party enterprise software systems.  Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority.  Ability to demonstrate product in front of large customer forums or at sales engagement.  Knowledge of JIRA, Aha!, and Microsoft Office.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in finance business, or technology related field
-This NLP Engineer will use this information to develop data-driven solutions, along with experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI).  Minimum qualifications: ì¨Œ 4+ years of industry experience in MLì¨Œ PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Math, or relevant technical fieldì¨Œ or M.  in above fields with significant academic/ industry experience in MLì¨Œ Track record of productionizing ML modelsì¨Œ Track record of projects in supervised learning across multiple data domains that show extensive knowledge and ability to design models/ experiments from scratchì¨Œ .  Strong understanding of machine learning and deep learning fundamentalsì¨Œ Fluency in Python and ML/ NLP librariesì¨Œ .  Experience with databases and data structuring/ warehousingì¨Œ .  Experience with API development and integrationì¨Œ .  Excellent communication and ability to estimate accurate project timelinesì¨Œ .  Ability to read and replicate ML models described in academic papers with no supervision Job Type: Full-time Pay: $150,000.  Experience: Prouductionizing ML Models: 4 years (Required)ML/ NLP Libraries: 4 years (Preferred)Databases: 3 years (Preferred)API Development & integration: 3 years (Preferred)Python: 4 years (Preferred)Deep Learning fundamentals: 4 years (Required)Data Structuring/ Warehousing: 3 years (Preferred)Machine Learning(ML): 4 years (Required)Education: Doctorate (Preferred) 
 Bachelors, MS or PhD in computer science or related quantitative field.  3+ years of real-world experience with machine learning algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, reinforcement learning, or related areas.  Expertise in using Python, C++, or other programming language.  Substantial experience with unstructured data sources, especially in areas such as spatiotemporal data, video/ image, speech or text data.  Proficiency in, at least, one modern deep learning engine such as Tensorflow, PyTorch etc.  Proven track record of innovation in creating novel algorithms and advancing the state of the art
 To be successful in this role you must have excellent critical thinking skills, the ability to handle multifaceted, cross-functional projects, and be able to communicate with partners from different experience levels and cultures.  Proven work experience in a project management role.  Must have a high level of attention to detail.  Ability to employ professional judgement and analytical skills to manage complexity uncertainty, project risks, stakeholder expectations and project timelines.  Must be self-motivated, goal-oriented, and able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills at all times.  Excellent multi-tasking and time-management skills.  Strong communication, negotiation and teamwork skills.  Strong analytical skills.  BSc in Business Administration, related field, or equivalent professional experience.  Preferred experience and key factors.  Experience from Pharma industry is significant advantage.  Experience in a data management role a significant advantage
Microsoft significantly expanded its efforts in the intelligent cloud, and Microsoft AI Cognitive Services is at the forefront! Come join the computer vision research team that works on state-of-the-art AI technology in areas such as computer vision and machine learning, while driving end-to-end AI experiences with product teams.  Are self-motivated, proven collaborators, good communicators, attentive to details, and keen to learn.  Have practical experience working in an academic or industrial research environment.  Masters and 2+ years relevant experience.  Research and/ or working experience in computer vision, deep learning, optimization, or machine learning.  Hands-on experience with proven track record of developing algorithms or systems in computer vision or other subfields of artificial intelligence.  Ability to understand and implement complex algorithms efficiently and correctly
Bachelor's degree in computer science or related technical discipline or equivalent industry experience5+ years of professional software development experience3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design and contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Youll have a sound understanding of computer science fundamentals and practical industry experience, working across the stack with technology involving modern web, SOA, NoSQL databases, AI, ML, Big Data, and more.  Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills and a track record of delivery. Prior experience in supply chain technology Academic and/ or industry experience with one of more of the following domains: machine learning, large-scale distributed systems and linear optimization techniques.  Experience with designing and building large-scale systems in a multi-tiered, distributed environment using micro services architecture.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations Hands-on expertise in many disparate technologies, typically ranging from front-end user interfaces through to back-end systems and all points in between
 Bachelor's Degree.  5 years' relevant industry experience required; Operations experience preferred.  Expert knowledge in document management, knowledge management, IP asset management, contract management, eDiscovery, information governance, information technology, and electronic information management principles, solutions, and best practices required.  Experience leading large, strategic global initiatives with significant influence globally.  Strong negotiation and communication skills (both oral and written).  Ability to communicate issues in a clear and understandable manner.  Must be able to translate between technical and requirements to effectively achieve results.  Strong experience in technology change management, project management, business process management and system implementation.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships internally as well as externally
 This team is searching for outstanding engineers who are passionate about building life changing new experiences on one of the fastest growing platforms in the world.  Experienced with iOS App Development, and have shipped mobile Apps.  Working experiences and deep understanding of large scale software, object-oriented design, performance optimization, and multi-threading on mobile platforms.  Strong object-oriented programming (Objective-C, C++, and Swift), developed easy-to-read and easy-to-maintain code, and worked in full Software Development Process.  Experienced with Test Driven Development (TDD), Agile (Scrum or Kanban), working within a distributed team and fast pace development environment, ability to work collaboratively and dynamically.  Excellent communication skills, and thrive in a collaborative team environment, strong problem solving skills, fresh ideas, and self-starter.  Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and self-starter.  7+ years of shown experience.  You will work to improve the performance and reliability of all Siri experiences.  Experience.  BS/ MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent
 Required Skills and Education.  Bachelors degree in related field with 9 years of experience.  Must be a U.  Preferred Skills and Education.  Masters Degree
 Experience Requirements:.  8+ years of experience in Data Analytics and Data Science environment.  Bachelor's degree in related discipline from an accredited college or university.  Ability o interact, build working relationship with stakeholders to develop an architecture strategy, processes and deliver IT assets to meet the business objectives.  Experience with SQL and NoSQL database technologies, and ETL/ ELT.  Experience designing and implementing new predictive machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies.  Ability to create systems to analyze large amounts of data and deploy applications on a large-scale cloud-based data processing environment.  Ability to evaluate and select data sources for use.  Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience with engineer machine intelligence systems and infrastructure for real-world production use at scale.  Experience working with agile SDLC environments.  Ability to create systems to analyze large amounts of data and deploy applications on a large-scale cloud-based data processing environment.  Must posses network domain knowledge.  Knowledge of Big Data standards and best practices.  Proven knowledge of the concept of managing workloads related to model processing in a Big Data ecosystem.  Desired Skills:.  Master's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science or related field.  Experience working with HUD or related subject matter expertise.  Experience with RPA will be a plus!
 With the proven ability to deliver these solutions, ZT Systems is well positioned as the design, manufacturing and logistics partner of choice for hyperscale compute and storage customers.  Bachelors degree in Business with coursework on Data Analytics and Data Systems, or related Information Technology field.  Minimum of 4 years of experience, with exposure to manufacturing industry and inventory.  Strong Excel, Statistics, and Business analysis skills.  Experience with Data Warehouse a plus.  Excellent communication, social, commercial and attentiveness to detail.  Strong presentation and communication skills.  ZT Systems offers a highly competitive salary commensurate with work experience and/ or education, an excellent benefits program that includes a 401(k) plan, health and dental insurance, and paid time off
You want to work in a fast-paced but fun startup environment with a tight-knit and talented team What You'll Do @Zoomph (Code Away): 4+ years of experience working with .  Experience using JavaScript libraries and frameworks such as Node.  Experience building APIs and background services leveraging cloud providers i.  Experience working with SQL and relational databases.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.  Experience with unit, integration, and end-to-end testing We Really Love You If (Bonus Points): .  Experience with ElasticSearch and RabbitMQ.  Experience with .  Experience with DevOps and Amazon Web Services (AWS).  Experience with Automation, ML, Artificial Intelligence Services (AWS, GCP, and Azure) Zoomph Provides: Competitive salary, and equity incentive plan.  Excellent health, dental and vision insurance Fun, competitive, and passionate team in the heart of Reston, Virginia
 A Master of Science degree in Computer Science or a related engineering field.  20+ years experience is preferred, with 12+ years of relevant technology and architecture leadership experience in at least one technology domain across the infrastructure stack.  In-depth expertise and experience with software-defined, cloud-native technologies and/ or open infrastructure technologies and ecosystems.  Examples include: significant experience in infrastructure architecture, engineering, DevOps, security, tooling & products, significant contributions to relevant industry consortiums, etc.  Deep technical understanding of hybrid, multi-cloud architectures (engineering/ operations experience a bonus).  Excellent writing and verbal communications skills from engineering to executive.  Excellent collaboration and people skills
 Syllable uses artificial intelligence to improve the patient experience and help healthcare systems deliver better care.  As a Senior Full Stack Engineer, you'll be responsible for architecting, building, and maintaining the web applications and backend services that will power our customer experience.  Applicants should have experience designing, building, and maintaining web services and web applications from scratch, and should have participated in several iterations of a product launch.  BS degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  3+ years of prior full stack experience in modern web services /  web application development.  Development experience in Python, JavaScript, Java, or C++.  Experience with markup languages such as HTML.  Experience with structured data development using data representations in XML or JSON.  Web application development experience.  Significant experience developing customer-facing software.  Experience engineering software systems of medium-to-large scope and complexity.  Knowledge of web libraries and frameworks such as React, AngularJS, Polymer or Closure.  Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols and web server applications.  Experience developing applications for Amazon AWS or Google Cloud Platform
 Motorola is seeking an experienced Software Engineer focused on testing and developing software for their video product line of analytics cameras and appliances running the Linux operating system.  5+ years of experience writing C++ multi-threaded, multi-process software for embedded Linux systems.  Understanding of and proven ability with operating system concepts including processes, threads, mutexes, interrupt handling, and exception handling.  Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience.  Excellent written and oral communications skills.  Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced Agile development environment.  Expert at cross-compiling and integrating open source software for target architectures.  Experienced developing test harnesses for unit testing and regression testing.  Preference will be given to candidates with the following skills and experience:.  Experience with video, computer vision (OpenCV, OpenGL) or machine learning.  Masters Degree in an engineering discipline.  Expert level Python knowledge.  Double bonus points if you have experience developing automation frameworks.  Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent experience.  5+ years experience programming in Python
 Working closely with an experienced team of researchers and software developers, you will have opportunities to learn more about emerging topics in computer vision, machine learning, and artificial intelligence.  Minimum 3-5 years experience as a software engineer.  Significant C++ experience.  Experience integrating 3rd party libraries.  Experience with distributed processing/ computing.  Experience designing and implementing complex software systems.  Experience optimizing code.  Some leadership experience reviewing and overseeing others code development.  Some experience in other programming languages, especially Python.  BS or MS degree in computer science or a related field.  Experience integrating other languages as necessary.  Experience with GPU based development.  Knowledge of Computer Vision applications.  Knowledge of software development processes/ environments including CMake/ CDash, MS Visual Studio, gcc, make, and/ or XCode.  Ability to develop software for Unix, Linux, MacOS and/ or Windows operating systems to large open-source projects and communities
 With more than 80 years of experience engineering science and technology solutions to support national security, Alion supports clients with big ideas and real solutions.  The successful candidate will have full life cycle development experience with knowledge and experience in C, C++, embedded systems, hardware internals (both computer and peripherals), scripting (bash, sh, Windows, korn, Python, Perl, etc.  At least eight (8) years experience in software development/ engineering, including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/ resolution.  At least six (6) years of experience developing software with java and other high-level languages such as C, C++.  Demonstrated work experience with the Map Reduce programming model and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, etc.  Demonstrated work experience with the Hadoop Distributed File System (HOES).  Demonstrated work experience with serialization such as JSON and/ or BSON.  Demonstrated work experience developing Restful services.   At least five (5) years experience developing software for UNIX/ Linux operating systems.  Demonstrated work experience in the requirements analysis and design of at least one Object Oriented system.  Demonstrated work experience developing solutions integrating and extending FOSS/ COTS products.   At least three (3) years experience in software integration and software testing, to include developing and implementing test plans and test scripts.   In addition, the candidate will have demonstrated work experience in at least four (4) of the desired characteristics.  Experience deploying applications in a cloud environment.  Experience developing and deploying: data driven analytics; event driven analytics; sets of analytics orchestrated through rules engines.  Experience designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms.  Experience developing and deploying: analytics that function on massive data sets, for example, more than a billion rows or larger than 10 Petabytes; analytics that employ semantic relationships (i.  Experience with taxonomy construction for analytic disciplines, knowledge areas and skills.  Experience documenting ontologies, data models, schemas, formats, data element dictionaries, software application program interfaces and other technical specifications.  Experience developing and deploying analytics within a heterogeneous schema environment
 With more than 80 years of experience engineering science and technology solutions to support national security, Alion supports clients with big ideas and real solutions.  The successful candidate will have full life cycle development experience with knowledge and experience in C, C++, embedded systems, hardware internals (both computer and peripherals), scripting (bash, sh, Windows, korn, Python, Perl, etc.  At least eight (8) years experience in software development/ engineering, including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/ resolution.  At least six (6) years of experience developing software with java and other high-level languages such as C, C++.  Demonstrated work experience with the Map Reduce programming model and technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, Pig, etc.  Demonstrated work experience with the Hadoop Distributed File System (HOES).  Demonstrated work experience with serialization such as JSON and/ or BSON.  Demonstrated work experience developing Restful services.   At least five (5) years experience developing software for UNIX/ Linux operating systems.  Demonstrated work experience in the requirements analysis and design of at least one Object Oriented system.  Demonstrated work experience developing solutions integrating and extending FOSS/ COTS products.   At least three (3) years experience in software integration and software testing, to include developing and implementing test plans and test scripts.   In addition, the candidate will have demonstrated work experience in at least four (4) of the desired characteristics.  Experience deploying applications in a cloud environment.  Experience developing and deploying: data driven analytics; event driven analytics; sets of analytics orchestrated through rules engines.  Development lead, Scrum Master, Code review, Agile Development.  Experience designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms.  Experience developing and deploying: analytics that function on massive data sets, for example, more than a billion rows or larger than 10 Petabytes; analytics that employ semantic relationships (i.  Experience with taxonomy construction for analytic disciplines, knowledge areas and skills.  Experience documenting ontologies, data models, schemas, formats, data element dictionaries, software application program interfaces and other technical specifications.  Experience developing and deploying analytics within a heterogeneous schema environment
 Bachelors of Science degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors of Science degree in engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Familiarity with cyber security specifications such as Risk Management Framework (RMF), DIACAP, STIGs and other government security specifications and guidelines.  Ability to work collaboratively within a team and understand the concept of influence management.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant system security concerns and issues.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  An Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience.  Distinct knowledge of specialized function and proficiency in application and interpretation of complex specifications, requirements, standards and practices.  open to new ideas and can serve as a champion for change and acts to support change when directed from management Constructs, troubleshoots, calibrates, adjusts, tests, diagnoses, and maintains equipment, components, devices, or systems Performs a variety of equipment/ process operations involving an application or technical skills in a specific area (electrical, software, manufacturing, etc.  Strong knowledge in specialized functions Understands implications of work and makes recommendations for solutions A wide and comprehensive acquaintance with, and strong understanding of, both.  Strong proficiency in application and interpretation of complex specifications,.  Strong knowledge in specialized functions Work is closely monitored.  Must complete NWS ESS Technician qualification within 3 months of employment or.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Experienced Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence Developer/ Architect experienced in creating Machine Learning and AI based applications and systems.  Experience: 7 or more years of experience Education: BS, MS, or PhD in either Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Engineering, Business, or Mathematics (MS and above preferred)Skills: .  Experience with Software Architecture, Creating Custom Machine Learning Based Solutions, Machine Learning Algorithms, Statistics, Data Clustering, Cleaning, and Storage, Utilizing Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning Approaches including Neural Networks, Probabilistic Methods (Bayesian, Hidden Markov, etc). net, MADlib, Keras, Watson, or similar PySpark, Pandas, or similar Hadoop or similar SSRSNumPy or similar PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle DBMS, or similar NoSQL Databases such as MongoDB and similar Frameworks/ Libraries:.  Experience: Machine Learning: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Strong systems engineering and broad knowledge of engineering fundamentals.  Expertise in architecture design and specifications for high performance robotic systems, autonomous vehicles, aerospace or large-scale computing and data systems.  Strong communication skills and leadership abilities to work with cross-functional engineering teams and drive towards decisions.  Experience in AWS and/ or GCP services and data systems in excess of 1 PB a plus
PhD degree with 4 years of applied research experience or a .  Masters degree and 6+ years of experience of applied research experience3+ years of experience of building machine learning models for business application.  Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language.  Masters or Ph. D in Computer Science or Language Science10+ years of experience working in ML, speech recognition, natural language understanding, computer visions etc.  Experience applying theoretical models in an applied environment, solid fundamentals in problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis.  Experience conducting analyses, and developing different types of supervised and unsupervised models for complex projects.  Experience with defining organizational research and development practices in an industry setting.  Come join our team! You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of a cutting edge product used every day by people you know.  Our mission is to push the envelope in Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), Dialog Management, Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), and Audio Signal Processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers.  Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relations Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.  Experience with statistical modelling /  machine learning.  Strong attention to detail Exceptional level of organization Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment.  Ability to think creatively and solve problems
 Will utilize your previous software experience, and/ or skills, to develop and maintain software using the following languages and technologies: C/ C++, Python, Agile, and continuous integration.  Bachelors degree in one of the following areas: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering.  Related work experience: 6-10 years.  Experience developing and testing software applications based on C++, Java and/ or Python languages.  Experience with Windows and/ or LINUX/ UNIX development and test platforms.  Previous real-time and embedded software development and test experience.  Ability to perform software integration, test automation, and test development.  Experience/ Certifications:.  Experience in Digital Twin.  Experience in microprocessor emulation.  Experience using network communication protocols.  Experience using other communication protocols (Mil-Std 1553, LINK-16).  Experience using serial communication (RS-232, RS-422, RS-485).  Experience with Agile and/ or DevOps methodologies/ tools
 Excellent triage and advanced troubleshooting skills, teaching peers those same skills to improve their success.  Identify opportunities to improve or modify products and services to improve customer effectiveness and experience, and recommend those improvements through proper channels, driving product/ services enhancements and development.  Expert at turning failing or struggling accounts into successful accounts, and helping others in the team do the same.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  Experience Required:.  Demonstrated technical problem solving proficiency.  Excellent analytical and advanced troubleshooting skills with end-users/ customers.  Excellent customer service and communication skills, both verbal and written.  Ability to multitask and work well in a fast-paced environment.  Demonstrated experience in a fast paced environment and meeting customer time constraints.  Implementation: broad skills in both technology & analysis; experience in communicating at a technical and functional level while managing business rapport.  Business Optimization: deep skills around business analysis/ call centers; experience in the KPIs and best practices of call centers and their operations.  Education & Enablement: professional and confident public presence; experience in commanding large audiences as a trainer and/ or speaker.  Engineering Services: deep skills in specialized technical & functional areas; deeply technical expertise around software engineering, programming languages, integration, and/ or databases.  Experience Preferred:.  Experience using SIP signalling.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Masters or .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biology or a related discipline.  8+ years of experience in the Data Science and / or Digital Health space in a company ranging from start-ups to consulting firms with established Data Science practices or large Fortune 500 companies.  Experience in product management and leadership experience to design and execute on high impact data science projects /  platforms.  Proven project leadership in complicated context, able to influence and engage the strategic and technical partners.  Proven track record of partnership and leading in a matrix organization.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and written skills.  Familiarity with drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/ or text mining.  Experience with visualization software/ tools such as R, Spotfire, Tableau, etc
 BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent.  Strong Java development skills (Spring Framework, MVC, JDBC, REST).  Experience with SQL (Oracle).  Strong understanding of Data structures and Algorithms.  Soft Skills:
 Redhorse Corporation (Redhorse) is seeking an experienced Business Analyst for an agile development project in support of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (OUSD) for Research and Engineering (R&E) - Operational Energy (OE) innovation initiative to advance services and technologies using artificial intelligence and machine learning to integrate records, systems, and organizations.  Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, .  Experience, and Credentials include:.  Bachelor's degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.  Ability to obtain and maintain a DoD Suitability clearance.  Minimum 7+ years of relevant work experience in agile/ scrum software development settings.  Experience identifying, collecting and documenting requirements, writing accurate epics and concise user stories.  Experience coordinating activities to scope and schedule work and providing accurate work estimates for the deployment of new features.  Experience developing and validating acceptance criteria.  Strong written and oral communications skills.  Experience with Jira, Confluence, Visio, Bitbucket, GitHub, and MS Project or similar.  Experience with Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) to present concepts, ideas, and results to team members and clients.  Experience as a Lean Agile planner and Scrum Master in a software development setting
Have an engineering background? Use it to directly and ethically impact the experience of thousands of patients every day and around the world! We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer with creative ideas in artificial intelligence, visual analysis, data storage, security and the production experience to prove it.  Your solutions will make a significant impact in patients' healing experience and how the caretakers monitor patient well-being.  You are an experienced software engineer with a deep understanding of building machine learning pipelines for activity recognition.  BA/ BS degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of work experience or equivalent production-level experience with developing Machine Learning pipelines.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: C/ C++ or Python.  Experience with visual recognition, classification, insight generation and similar.  Exposure to deep learning frameworks including Keras, Tensorflow, Caffe, Torch.  MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  GPU programming experience.  When you apply, please provide a brief explanation in your application of why you are excellent for this role, while highlighting your previous experience
 4+ years previous Revenue, Sales Ops and/ or sales compensation experience.  Strong Excel skills (formula design, pivot tables, charts).  Excellent analytical skills (data collection and modelling, what-if scenarios).  Familiarity with Salesforce.  Excellent interpersonal skills with willingness to engage with sales executives and sales management
 Join a company that has tripled annual revenues each of the past three years and is acknowledged by industry analysts as the pioneer in the next generation of cloud contact center solutions! The Five9 platform is reliable, secure, compliant, and scalable; designed to create exceptional personalized customer experiences.   Five9 is searching for an experienced attorney to join its growing legal team.  The ideal candidate has business savvy, a willingness to develop general legal expertise supporting business units on a global basis, experience supporting revenue agreements with end of quarter deadlines and someone who values and is committed to integrity and to customer service.  Significant commercial negotiating and contract drafting experience.  At least 5+ years of relevant legal experience.  Experience with commercial transactions involving Cloud Computing, Software-as-a-Service, social media technology, or digital marketing.  Ability to work in a fast paced, collaborative, and dynamic team environment.  Experience with GDPR or TCPA compliance
 We operate at the intersection of customer experience and AI ??two of todays most innovative and dynamic industries.  Interactions 5-year vision is to accelerate a transition from todays frustrating and uninspired customer service experiences into amazing conversational engagements! Allowing customers to communicate in their own words and on their channel of choice, to accomplish tasks, all without having to go through an agent.  In doing this via our conversational AI engine, our customers benefit from dramatically improved customer experience and increased customer engagement, while also saving significant and demonstrable operational expenses.  Masters Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Artificial Intelligence.  Industry experience building interactive conversational systems.  Strong knowledge of Machine Learning and/ or symbolic reasoning.  Strong understanding of speech and language processing technology.  High level of proficiency in either Python (preferred), Java, or C++.  Experience with Reinforcement Learning.  Experience with TensorFlow and/ or PyTorch.  Experience with Automated Speech Recognition (ASR).  Experience conducting experimental evaluations of interactive systems
 -Shall have at least 8 years of experience as a Software Engineer in software development/ engineering, including requirements analysis, software development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/ resolution.  -At least 5 years of experience developing software using either C, C++, or Python.  -Shall have experience on the design and development of at least one Object Oriented system.  -Shall have extensive experience in planning and accomplishing goals and complicated tasks and providing consultation on complex projects as top-level contributor or specialist.  -Shall have experience wrapping legacy systems or components as Web Services within a SOA framework or container framework (i.  -Shall have experience developing solutions integrating and extending FOSS/ COTS products.  -Mathematical programming experience, especially optimization and simulation.  Experience with particular machine learning software packages, such as Cafì±•, Torch, TensorFlow, or Theano.  Experience with AI software packages.  Experience using ProbLog, Prolog, or similar software package(s).  -Robotics experience, especially robots within uncontrolled or adversarial environments.  Experience with Sensor processing or exploitation, especially SAR, EO, and IR.  -Shall have experience developing software using Matlab
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Certifications, .  Experience, Skills).  Masters Degree in engineering specialization or related discipline and fifteen years applicable experience; or a Doctorate Degree in engineering specialization or related discipline and ten years applicable experience.  Experience in DoD integrated test philosophy, test regulations, and coordinated test and evaluation programs are required.  Must be familiar with DoD drawings, specifications practices, formats and procedures.  Must have three years of experience leading/ supervising.  Five (5) years of experience gained within the past 10 years (2010 to present) in evaluation sciences in any of the following:.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following programming languages common in data science: Python, R, Java, SQL, and/ or No-SQL);.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following math packages common in data science: MATLAB, JMP, and/ or SAS
 Using AppDynamics, youll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver flawless customer experiences at scale.  Contribute to continuous PMO process improvements by promoting and highlighting successful experiences.  Excellent Senior Project Managers are enthusiastic about making customers successful, they work on large projects, build positive relationships with customers and senior level stakeholders, have regular communications to update them on the project status and anticipate risks early.  Experience.  At least 5+ years of significant experience at the Project Manager level or relevant technical experience.  Direct experience leading all phases of the software implementation project lifecycle.  Experience running multiple projects simultaneously with cross-team dependencies.  Experience leading diverse project teams and project teams with 5 people or more.  Experience working with senior-level Customer stakeholders.  International experience preferred.  Required Skills.  MS Project (or similar tool) and Office apps- advanced level skill.  Proficiency in English language.  Certifications.  Bachelor's degree (Computer Science or Engineering preferred) or equivalent or relevant working experience
 Ayata is looking for experienced AI Senior Software Developer/ Architect who will develop Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) software for business applications.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing software and architecture design.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Experiences in building scalable web applications.  Experiences in developing machine learning software, data processing and working with cloud computing such as AWS.  BS or above in Computer Science.  At least 3 years experience in software development.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments is a strong plus.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
 Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field).  5+ years of product management or related experience for data products.  Proven ability to lead teams and work cross-functionally with technical and non-technical team members.  Familiarity with big data technologies (such as Kafka, Hadoop, Spark and Redshift), relational databases and data products generally.  Experience with developer tools and platforms (Github, AWS, Airflow) a plus.  Experience with business intelligence tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus.  Ability to thrive and adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth and rapidly changing environment
ai is interested in hiring a senior frontend developer with deep Angular experience to work on Antuit Enterprise SaaS solutions. S/ he should have experience in working in Agile based projects and should be able to work in a fast paced and result oriented environment. Qualifications and Skills: ì¨Œ .  Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent. ì¨Œ 3+ years experience in ITì¨Œ .  Excellent knowledge of Angular 2 (v7+), AG-Grid, ECharts and GraphQLì¨Œ Good knowledge of Linux.  Experience in developing cloud applications preferred.  Experience developing SaaS products preferred.  Experience working on agile projects and understanding of agile conceptsì¨Œ .  Experience using Atlassian products like Jira is preferredì¨Œ .  Ability to work and achieve stretch goals in a very innovative and fast paced environment.  Excellent English verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical communicationsì¨Œ .  Strong inter-personal skills and a desire to work collaboratively Information Security Responsibilitiesì¨Œ Understand and adhere to Information Security policies, guidelines and procedure, practice them for protection of organizational data and Information System.  Experience: GraphQL: 2 years (Required)JIRA: 2 years (Required)Angular 2: 3 years (Required)ECharts: 2 years (Required)SaaS: 2 years (Preferred)Linux: 1 year (Preferred)AG-Grid: 2 years (Required)Overall: 3 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's 
 Experience with GraphQL gateways is a must.  Experience with multiple API design styles such as gRPC, GraphQL and REST.  Experience with SQL RDBMS like MariaDB and No-SQL data stores such as Redis.  S/ he should have experience in working in Agile based projects and should be able to work in a fast paced and result oriented environment. Qualifications and Skills: ì¨Œ .  Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent. ì¨Œ 3+ years experience in ITì¨Œ .  Excellent knowledge of microservice architectures in the Kubernetes environment. ì¨Œ Deep experience with both Go and Pythonì¨Œ Solid experience with GraphQLì¨Œ .  Experience with multiple alternative microservice design styles such as gRPC and REST.  Experience in developing cloud applications preferred.  Experience developing SaaS products preferred.  Experience working on agile projects and understanding of agile conceptsì¨Œ .  Experience using Atlassian products like Jira is preferredì¨Œ .  Ability to work and achieve stretch goals in a very innovative and fast paced environment.  Excellent English verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical communicationsì¨Œ .  Strong inter-personal skills and a desire to work collaboratively Information Security Responsibilitiesì¨Œ Understand and adhere to Information Security policies, guidelines and procedure, practice them for protection of organizational data and Information System.  Experience: MariaDB: 1 year (Required)No-SQL - Redis: 1 year (Preferred)Python: 2 years (Required)Kubernetes: 2 years (Required) GraphQL: 2 years (Required)Overall: 3 years (Required)Go Lang: 1 year (Required)Linux: 2 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 Leverage TIBCO Sporfire/ DataScience environment as well as data prep using MS SQL SSIS data transformation & TIBCO Data Virtualization.  Experience.  Experience and proficient in multiple development languages including C#, Java, JavaScript, Python, XSL, XML C++, CSS & R.  Data Science and Machine learning experience.  Experience working within SDLC methodologies including Agile
 10 year or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture.  Financial service or Insurance industry experience
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Strong understanding of data science techniques and libraries and their applicability to business problem classes.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  A BS/ BA degree or higher in science or technology.  8+ years of experience with Big Data or Hadoop tools such as Spark, Hive, Kafka and Map.  10+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: data management, data science, Artificial Intelligence (AI) or Machine Learning (ML).  3+ years of experience developing scripts for data extraction, data transformation and loading in a distributed database environment.  4+ years of experience delivering ETL, data warehouse and data analytics capabilities on big-data architecture such as Hadoop.  6 + years of experience working on cross-organization initiatives.  4+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R.  4+ years of Low Latency systems development or implementation experience.  2 + years of architecture, engineering experience, or a combination of both, with distributed storage and processing technologies.  5+ years of experience in software delivery in a large matrixed organization or on a complex system such as AKA, Development, DEVOPS, or QA.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  4 + years of statistical modeling experience using the R programming language.  SAS programming experience in model implementation, reporting, and complex data manipulations.  Experience with Tensorflow, Theano or Keras.  8+ years of experience deploying or managing data pipelines for supporting data-science-driven decisioning at scale.  4+ years of experience with python, unix and pyspark programming.  4+ years of experience on distributed, high throughput and low latency architecture based on Hortonworks Hadoop Cluster, Private/ Public Clouds.  Ability to travel up to 10% of the time
 Our staff is diverse in experience and perspective, but at our core we share a lot of the same traits.  We are seeking an experienced candidate who wants to help shape the direction of the Partnerships technology-focused leadership development programming in a dynamic, growing organization.  Ability to design and deliver leadership development programs for federal executives.  Excellent project management skills and very skilled in prioritizing, organizing, delegating and planning work.  Ability to think big picture and strategically.  Excellent relationship management skills.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment and to organize multiple and varied projects simultaneously.  Bachelors degree in a related field, or equivalent professional work or military experience required.  Minimum of eight to ten years of professional experience required.  Demonstrated experience managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders and funders.  Prior supervisory experience required.  Demonstrated experience with program budgeting and strategic planning.  Consulting experience or prior professional experience working with the federal government strongly preferred.  Knowledge of artificial intelligence or emerging technologies in the federal government strongly preferred.  Knowledge of federal leadership development needs and experience designing and developing programming for federal leaders strongly preferred.  We actively recruit for diversity in our workplace, believing that a range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences contributes to our mission of revitalizing government
We are looking for an experienced and goal-driven Sales Manager that will spearhead the growth of our recently released AutoML Solution Neuton.  In order to be successful you must have at least 3 years of experience in preferably both B2B and B2C IT sales.  You must have an extensive experience in using Email, LinkedIn, CRM and comfortable making connections via Zoom/ Skype/ Slack chats or calls every day. Neutonì§° is a Neural Network Framework and Automated Machine Learning solution that makes Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning available to everyone:ì¨Œ Very easy to use and no coding and data science experience required to leverage AIì¨Œ Resulting models are downloadable, very compact, fast and accurate with fewer training samples requiredì¨Œ Google Cloud Platform SaaS solution Responsibilities: ì¨Œ Execute on Sales strategy around Neuton.  Experience working in a Global company with global service and delivery capabilities including offshore teams in multicultural environment in multiple time zones.  Experience in negotiating subscription based products (strong plus).  Proven track record of achieving and exceeding goals consistently.  Experience in solutions selling Interest in emerging technologies such as Neural networks, Artificial intelligence, automation, predictive analytics, augmented reality is ideal.  Experience in Cloud Technologies or Managed services ideal and considered a plus Job Type: Full-time Pay: $80,000.  Experience: SAAS Sales: 3 years 
 Experienced Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence Developer/ Architect experienced in creating Machine Learning and AI based applications and systems.  Experience: 7 or more years of experience Education: BS, MS, or PhD in either Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Engineering, Business, or Mathematics (MS and above preferred)Skills: .  Experience with Software Architecture, Creating Custom Machine Learning Based Solutions, Machine Learning Algorithms, Statistics, Data Clustering, Cleaning, and Storage, Utilizing Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning Approaches including Neural Networks, Probabilistic Methods (Bayesian, Hidden Markov, etc). net, MADlib, Keras, Watson, or similar PySpark, Pandas, or similar Hadoop or similar SSRSNumPy or similar PostgreSQL, SQL Server, Oracle DBMS, or similar NoSQL Databases such as MongoDB and similar Frameworks/ Libraries:.  Experience: Machine Learning: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 As a subsidiary of Toyota, TRI is fueled by a diverse and inclusive community of people who carry invaluable leadership, experience, and ideas from industry-leading companies.  No prior robotics experience is necessary, although it doesn't hurt.  Masters degree or Ph.  4+ years of experience working Systems Engineering or Functional Safety.  Familiarity with software and the ability to read code is required (C/ C++ and Linux).  Familiarity with requirements management software (Jama, Polarion, DOORs, or similar).  Strong verbal and written communication skills and are an extraordinary teammate.  Strong understanding of common software performance issues and tradeoffs.  Experience in Robotics, AI, or Machine Learning a plus
 Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.  Technology Solutions division of IQVIA develops and markets healthcare-focused enterprise software applications including Master Data Management, CRM, Multi-channel Marketing, Content Management, Social and Compliance solutions.  Experience, & Specialized .  MS or PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related technical field or 3+ years relevant experience in data science (Machine learning or NLP solution development).  Advanced proficiency with at least one statistical computing language for data analysis, such as Python or Scala.  Experience with software engineering best practices (programming, testing, version control, agile development, etc).  Experience with source control (GitHub) and working in a Linux/ Unix environment.  Experience with Spark, Hadoop and MLib is a plus.  Experience with SQL (MySQL, Redshift/ Postgres).  Experience distilling and presenting complex concepts to a business audience.  Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills
 Ability to work within a team environment and build relationships outside of the department as well as outside the company (product development, customer service, sales/ marketing, operations, suppliers, etc.  Ability to lead projects across all assets of the service organization.  Advanced Analytical Skills; demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and correct complex process/ system issues.  Experience Requirements.  3-5 years experience in an (Electrical, Mechanical, Computer/ IT) Engineering or Service Engineering role.  Experience with Service Management tools (ServiceMax, Salesforce, ServiceNow)
 Ability to work within a team environment and build relationships outside of the department as well as outside the company (product development, customer service, sales/ marketing, operations, suppliers, etc.  Ability to lead projects across all assets of the service organization.  Advanced Analytical Skills; demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and correct complex process/ system issues.  Experience Requirements.  3-5 years experience in an (Electrical, Mechanical, Computer/ IT) Engineering or Service Engineering role.  Experience with Service Management tools (ServiceMax, Salesforce, ServiceNow)
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  At least 5 years of postdoctoral experience or commensurate career experience.  Experience in machine learning or artificial intelligence work is critical, with cheminformatics or computational chemistry experience a plus.  Expertise in a subset of open source machine learning platforms, such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, Pandas, XGBoost, DeepChem or Scikit-Learn is essential.  Excellent communication skills are a must
 We are looking to build out a best in class Notifications Platform and lead the way in creating the best customer experience.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent experience.  4+ years of software engineering experience.  3+ years experience in Java, GO, Python.  2+ years of experience in writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  2+ years of hands on experience with RESTful API design.  Preferred 2+ years experience with React or Angular.  In-depth understanding and hands on experience with a relational database (Postgres preferred).  Mid-level understanding and familiarity with a document database like Mongo
Are you a Full Stack Developer with experience with Azure? Do you have an interest in Network Security, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence? Are you local to the Seattle/ Puget Sound area?.  Experts, committed to excellence, who have joined together to Do Happy in our careers and lives.  Azure Cloud experience (e.  Production experience in distributed systems, OOP, and algorithms/ data structures.  Experience with performance optimization of low level code.  Experience shipping products or services.  1+ year of experience with Azure edge (e.  1+ year of experience of OSS programming expertise (expert/ advanced in at least one; but works with other ones) - e.  1+ year of experience Microservices experiences (e.  1+ year of experience with production microservices platform experience at-scale (e.  5+ years of Scripting experience with Bash/ PowerShell).  Experience:.  Must be eligible to permanently work in the U
 Build, develop and scale the frontend and backend of our Marketing Automation and Advertising Solutions that powers marketing experience for buyers, sellers and real estate agents.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  5+ years experience in Node.  5+ years of experience in Javascript and CSS (Typescript a plus).  5+ years experience with NPM & JavaScript including modern frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue (.  Experience with Redux, ES6, Webpack is a plus).  5+ years of experience in writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  In-depth understanding and hands on experience with relational databases and SQL (e.  Extensive experience with a major cloud provider, for instance, AWS.  Experience collaborating closely with UX and Product Managers.  Familiarity with containerization, microservices architecture, continuous integration and delivery is a plus
 MS or PhD and 3+ years of relevant experience.  Outstanding programming skills in C++ and/ or Python.  Proficiency in modern deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.  Proficiency in writing accelerated CUDA kernels.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development
 MS or PhD and 6+ years of relevant experience.  Outstanding programming skills in C++11/ 14/ 17.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development
 Data Scientist or Data Scientist role, commensurate with experience level and the job specific requirements outlined below:.  The Senior Data Scientist is experienced in delivering successful data science projects and will work in close collaboration with all business units to develop applications which utilize data for smart decision making.  The Senior Data Scientist will utilize his/ her experience to manage small and medium-sized projects, potentially including external support and to develop and mentor more junior colleagues.  Qualified candidate will be hired at the appropriate level commensurate with education/ experience.  Masters Degree (MS) and 5+ years of relevant work experience in data science OR .  Bachelors degree (BS) and Eight-plus (8+) years of relevant work experience in data science.  Masters Degree (MS) and 2+ years of relevant work experience in data science OR .  Bachelors degree (BS) and Five-plus (5+) years of relevant work experience in data science.  First-hand experience of the intense collaboration in an agile software development team.  English working proficiency and communication skills (verbal and written).  Expert in using advanced analytical and technical skills to convert raw data into actionable business insights as well as creating, evaluating and implementing data science solutions with five-plus (5+) years of experience.  Technical Skills:.  Data Scientist: Five-plus (5+) years of experience in relevant computing languages such as R, Python and C++.  Data Scientist: Two-plus (2+) years of experience in relevant computing languages such as R, Python and C++.  Experienced in handling unix environments.  Experienced in handling unusual data sets such as unstructured data or big data (MapReduce approaches, HDFS, Hadoop architectures, Pig, Spark).  Understanding of ETL processes and experience with various data formats.  Experienced in handling various types of data bases including data base operations and understanding of data base concepts and architectures.  Experienced in handling data bases including ability to run queries.  Analytical Skills:.  Ability to rapidly develop analytical problem-solving approaches to complex problems, including external constraints such as resource limitations, feasibility topics, consumption by business, change management aspects, etc.  Business Skills:.  Firm expertise and established experience in project management.  Ability to successfully manage different and potentially conflicting interests of various stakeholders in the framework of data science projects.  Ability for out-of-the box thinking and innovative problem solving in business contexts including an entrepreneurial mindset.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to build relationships with business partners, operational managers and colleagues.  Ability to handle multiple priorities under set deadlines.  Ability to constantly adapt to a fast-paced multidisciplinary changing environment (e.  Other Skills:.  Expert knowledge of state-of-the-art agile principles and practices for software product development and delivery.  Pharma experience beneficial but not required.  Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without restriction.  Must be willing to take a drug test and post-offer physical (if required).  Must be 18 years of age or older
 Build server-side Java components and web services to power user experience and geospatial workflows using ArcGIS Notebooks.  5+ years of experience developing middleware software components using core Java, Servlets (JavaEE), JSP, JAX-RS, web services including REST and SOAP.  2+ years of experience Python development in the Jupyter ecosystem (notebooks).  Experience working with Docker, containers, and building images using best practices.  Knowledge of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning capabilities in Python or R, preferably in the Jupyter ecosystem.  Knowledge of relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or DB2.  Experience working with large code bases using Git and proficient in debugging and profiling tools (Eclipse/ IntelliJ Debugger, JProfiler, etc.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills to effectively work with global teams.  Bachelor's, masters, or Ph.  Knowledge of Windows and Linux operating systems.  Knowledge of container orchestrators such as Kubernetes, AKS, EKS, or OpenShift.  Knowledge of automation tools such as Jenkins or CRON.  Familiarity with JSON and XML.  Knowledge of and familiarity with Java build systems, i.  Experience with HTTP monitoring tools (Fiddler) and JDK debugging tools (JProfiler)
 At least 5 years of experience in a Sales Engineering or Consulting role.  5+ years or applicable network security and information security experience.  Expert knowledge of security architecture design and implementation.  Expert knowledge of SIEM platforms that provide UEBA (user event behavioral analytics) detection.  Previous experience selling both security services and security products
 The Algorithmic Warfare team at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is looking for you to join our team as a Sr.  Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline with 9 years of technical experience; Master's Degree with 7 years of technical experience; PhD with 0 years experience.  Must be a U.  Experience in any of the following areas is highly desired: data analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, signal processing, statistical decision theory, detection and tracking, classification, modeling and simulation, and algorithm development, particularly as applied to complex sensor systems.  Experience with remote sensing data, such as radar, EO/ IR, multi or hyper-spectral, acoustics.  Familiarity with signal processing algorithm design and implementation in C or C++, and real-time parallel processing
Requirements: 10 year or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture Data Governance, Data Retention, Data Storage, and Data Service Integration Azure and/ or AWSData pipelines, data streaming, and using real time analytics tools Hadoop, Columnar, Spark, Python, NoSQL, Graph Databases, MongoDB, Cassandra, Kafka, Snowflake etc. Agile methodology and DevOps Helpful to have skills: Enterprise data management solutions and platforms in the areas of MDM, Data Quality Management, Data Governance, Metadata Management, ETL, Data Warehouse and/ or data lakes Understanding of artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, natural language processing, graph analysis Financial service or Insurance industry experience
At Noom, we use scientifically proven methods to help our users create healthier lifestyles, and manage important conditions like Type-II Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension. We base our work on scientifically-proven, peer-reviewed methodologies that are designed by medical professionals. What Well Like About You: You have 4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist in a similarly-sized organization, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team. You have extensive experience with pandas, numpy, and sklearn.  Experience with deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, or similar) is a plus You are capable of working with engineers to build an actual production system that uses machine learning and artificial intelligence.  We dont expect you to write production-quality code, but you should have some programming experience
 Minimum of 3 years of related experience in a similar role that includes quality assurance for large-scale business software systems, financial institution software preferred;.  Ability to drive successful results, make decisions with limited information and adjust quickly, managing multiple priorities across different business units.  Must have excellent judgment, leadership, interpersonal and communication skills.  Must exhibit creativity and innovation.  Experience supporting applications in complex infrastructures.  Ability to make group presentations and conduct training.  Ability to deal with time constraints and changing priorities with a strong attention to detail.  Strong customer service and support focus with a history of delivering a high quality service
 10 year or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture Data Governance, Data Retention, Data Storage, and Data Service Integration Azure and/ or AWSData pipelines, data streaming, and using real time analytics tools Hadoop, Columnar, Spark, Python, NoSQL, Graph Databases, MongoDB, Cassandra, Kafka, Snowflake etc.  Enterprise data management solutions and platforms in the areas of MDM, Data Quality Management, Data Governance, Metadata Management, ETL, Data Warehouse and/ or data lakes Understanding of artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, natural language processing, graph analysis Financial service or Insurance industry experience
 Leverage TIBCO Sporfire/ DataScience environment as well as data prep using MS SQL SSIS data transformation & TIBCO Data Virtualization.  Experience.  Experience and proficient in multiple development languages including C#, Java, JavaScript, Python, XSL, XML C++, CSS & R.  Data Science and Machine learning experience.  Experience working within SDLC methodologies including Agile
 Working in commercial manufacturing facility and GxP experience is required. Work with local MSAT to provide training on the usage and representation of the multivariate models.  Expertise in multivariate modeling methods, including PCA/ PLS, OPLS, Discriminant analysis, etc. Develop tools to support process monitoring, scientific process support, root cause analysis, transition analysis in support of chromatography columns, and projects to improve processing time, productivity, product quality, and a better customer experience.  Education BA or BS in Chemical/ Biological /  Chemical Engineering or Biology / Chemistry related field with 6 -8 years or a MS with 4-6 years of applicable process automation, process analytics, technical support or process/ facility design experience.  Experience with process historian/ data collection systems and data analysis/ reporting applications such as SIMCA, PI Historian, PI Process Book, Excel, JMP and Statistics Technical knowledge of major unit operations associated with biologics manufacturing such as cell culture and protein purification.  Experience with single-use bio-manufacturing technologies and automation. Design or operational experience with large-scale cell culture and protein purification for both clinical and commercial processes.  Experience with systems such as OSI PI, Infobatch and AlarmWorX, ESXi, Syncade, Pharmasuite installation and support is a plus. Distributed control systems, PI historian, Statistica, LIMS, JMP and other multivariate process analytical tools.  Experience A background in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning &amp; Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline is preferred.  Experienced in an FDA regulated environment. Understanding of bridge between typical business /  quality IT systems and manufacturing automation systems (ERP, LIMS, QMS, etc).  Knowledge, Skills, Abilities Global travel expectations up to 20% within multiple sites for Thermo Fisher Scientific
 Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, or related field with 10+ or more years of relevant work experience.  You possess strong programming skills in C or C++.  Strong knowledge and experience working with System internals of any Unix/ Unix-like kernel such as Linux, BSD or Solaris.  Strong background in Cloud Computing and Distributed Software design and development.  Exposure and understanding of container technology internals such as Docker, Rkt, FreeBSD Jails, Solaris Zones.  Experience with the Go programming language.  Real world experience with distributed systems, especially containers, Kubernetes, Docker Swarm, Mesos or Nomad.  Knowledge of GPU programming such as OpenCL or CUDA is a plus
PhD in Computer Science, or related field More than 10 years of industrial/ academic experience in search, data science, machine learning or a related field.  Strong publication record at top academic conferences such as SIGIR, WWW, WSDM, KDD, ACL, ICML, AAAI, etc.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiar with programming languages such as C/ C++, Java, or Python.  The Alexa Shopping team is looking for experienced senior applied scientists investigating and developing new natural language, search and recommender systems technologies to help Alexa turn into the best personal shopping assistant.  PhD in Computer Science, or related field More than 10 years of industrial/ academic experience in search, data science, machine learning or a related field.  Strong publication record at top academic conferences such as SIGIR, WWW, WSDM, KDD, ACL, EMNLP, ICML, AAAI, etc.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills Familiar with programming languages such as C/ C++, Java, or Python.  More than 15 years of industrial/ academic experience in building NLP, search, applied ML or AI features/ products/ systems Served as PC chair at top academic conferences.  More than 10 years of industrial/ academic experience in building search, applied ML or AI features/ products/ systems Services in senior roles at top academic conferences
 The ideal candidate for this position has the experience and education to advance Internal Audit in the understanding, development and use of these emerging concepts.  BS/ MS degree in an analytical or data driven discipline.  A minimum of 2 years analytics experience in financial services, audit or consulting.  Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Experience with RSA Archer and common data analytics tools a plus.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
3+ years experience in a customer-facing technology or engineering role5+ years of design, implementation, or consulting experience with large-scale, enterprise applications Bachelorâ€™s degree in science, technology, engineering, or related field of study or 12+ years of related work experience.  The problem domains are diverse: 5G monetization, network function virtualization, digital customer journeys, OSS/ BSS transformation, mobile edge computing, hyperscale data, cybersecurity, and supply chain logistics.  Whats it like to work at AWS? Our team experiences high levels of collaboration, lots of multi-tasking, and often course corrections or new ideas that mean adaptability is key.  3+ years experience in or with telecommunications service providers, network equipment manufacturers, or related telecom ecosystem partners Superior written communication and presentation skills with business and technology audiences Hands-on experience with AWS Advanced technical degree.  Experience in a technology sales organization.  Experience with data analytics, AI/ ML, and IoT
10+ years of highly technical and analytical IT experience5+ years experience in the Oil & Gas industry5+ years design & implementation experience with distributed applications5+ years experienced in software development tools and methodologies Working knowledge of cloud technologies.  The successful candidate should have deep experience working in the Energy industry building scalable, secure and compliant systems.  Experience working directly with enterprise customers is required, and prior experience working with technology companies is a plus.  Previous AWS experience is preferred but not required.  Strong public speaking and writing skills are required.  An advanced degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud3+ years experience building and designing solutions that run in virtualized environments An understanding of Energy solutions and business needs for engineering, construction, manufacturing, and process industries An understanding of the architectures, protocols, and compliance requirements for Energy applications Presentation and written communication skills Organized and goal focused, ability to manage multiple projects in a fast paced environment
 Position Purpose: Define and align a coherent, engaging, multi-channel consumer experience delivered through graphical and conversation UI.  Experience/ Marketing, and Product.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in User .  Experience Design, Graphical Design, Fine Arts, Advertising.  5+ years of software Development, product development, application development, or conversational artificial intelligence experience.  Experience with user testing platforms.  Experience in working with conversational UX preferred.  Experience in the healthcare industry with digital health experience preferred
Digital Health and Analytics within Humana is dedicated to transform members health experience and Humanas services using technology and analytics.  The ideal candidate will have hands-on experience on healthcare data, demonstrated innovative and creative methods for overcoming testing constraints, as well as successfully applying machine learning techniques to address business needs.  Masters Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 2 years of related experience.  3 years technical experience.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using R, Python or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Experience using machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, etc.  Clear and concise oral and written communication skills, with a proven ability to translate complex methodologies and analytical results to non-technical business insights.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  PhD Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.  5+ years technical experience.  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark, Scala, or Microsoft Azure.  Experience in deep learning, natural language processing, and recommendation systems.  Work experience in health care and/ or insurance industries
 MS or PhD and 3+ years of relevant experience.  Outstanding programming skills in C++ and/ or Python.  Proficiency in modern deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.  Proficiency in writing accelerated CUDA kernels.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development
 The ideal candidate is a self-motivated idea generator with previous experience in this type of role with a strong verbal and interpersonal communicator with a positive attitude.  Knowledge of security tools are beneficial like: Burp Proxy, Firebug, Nmap, AppScan.  Familiarity with security tools category such as static analysis, dynamic analysis.  Bachelors or masters degree in computer security or related fields.  3+ years of experience in industry, 1+ years in a security role.  Familiarity with Docker containers.  Experience working within CI/ CD tool ecosystems.  Knowledge of technologies like: Java, Spring, XML, AJAX, JavaScript, Python, SQL, UNIX scripting, HTML5, CSS, Nodejs
 5+ years of experience developing middleware software components using core Java, Servlets (JavaEE), JSP, JAX-RS, web services including REST and SOAP.  2+ years of experience Python development in the Jupyter ecosystem (notebooks).  Experience working with Docker, containers, and building images using best practices.  Knowledge of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning capabilities in Python or R, preferably in the Jupyter ecosystem.  Knowledge of relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, or DB2.  Experience working with large code bases using Git and proficient in debugging and profiling tools (Eclipse/ IntelliJ Debugger, JProfiler, etc.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills to effectively work with global teams.  Bachelor's, masters, or Ph
 Bachelors Degree in Business Information Systems, Marketing, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  15 + years sales experience.  Previous experience selling multimillion-dollar software deals.  Previous experience in telecom, call center, software or hardware industries.  Experience:.  Sales Engineering experience.  Telecomm sales experience.  SaaS experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 BA/ BS in Computer Science and 5+ years experience.  Proven track record of technical program management in top talent and high performance teams, directing initiatives across multiple teams and managers.  Experience managing initiatives within large scale systems in rapid growth environments.  Familiarity with containerization, microservices architecture, continuous integration and delivery.  Proven success in working with product, marketing, business, and operations divisions
 We're looking for someone who has a proven track record of providing highly-professional customer service to executives and managers at Fortune 1,000 companies, and can excel in a fast-paced startup environment.  Empathize with every aspect of the customer experience, putting customers' needs first.  5+ years of experience in a customer-facing customer success, account management or strategic consulting organization.  Software or education experience a benefit.  Strong interpersonal skills and experience building internal and external relationships.  To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
 Masters degree in IT + 5 years of experience
 Strong collaboration and communication skills and ability to work within cross functional teams.  Strong economic thinking skills and business acumen.  Bachelor's Degree.  Proven professional experience with object oriented programming in a technology focused role (including but not limited to IT Roles such as: Software Developer, Data Engineer, DevOps/ Cloud Engineer, Data Scientist).  5+ years professional coding experience with Python language.  5+ years experience building Data Integrations and/ or Machine Learning models for analytics.  Bachelor's Degree with an Engineering or Technology focus.  Experience transforming datasets using Python Architecture skills including designing data pipelines, ETL workflows and integrations.  Experience working with SQL and database programming.  Experience working or leading Agile Product Development Teams.  Experience with cloud platforms like AWS/ GCP/ Azure.  Salary and benefits commensurate with experience
 Bachelors degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; agile experience preferred.  We will rely on your experience and knowledge to solve the hardest technical problems facing the company, often requiring the utmost creativity and innovation.  Familiarity with Java Frameworks (i.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; agile experience preferred.  Seasoned, experienced professional with a broad range of expertise and a wide range of professional experience, possessing a substantial understanding of software engineering concepts, principles, and theories; expert at applying technical standards and methodologies to resolve a wide range of issues in creative ways.  Ability to serve as company technical spokesperson with subject matter expertise (SME).  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Typically requires 5 - 10 years of experience in memory design ( NAND, NOR, SRAM, DRAM, CAM etc) preferably non-volatile memory design (NAND FLASH, NOR FLASH).  Familiarity with Cadence design environment.  Requires experience with transistor level simulators such as Spice and gate level simulators such as Verilog.  Requires experience with some of these circuits: charge pumps, regulators, hv-switches, voltage & current references, col/ row decoders, sense amps, op-amps, comparators, oscillators, switched capacitor circuits, A/ D & D/ A converters, transceivers & IOs.  MS in EE and/  or 5-10 years of design experience.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-GC1 || Tier 5 ||
 BSEE or MSEE with minimum of 5 years of work experience in embedded consumer electronics design.  Must have a solid understanding of architecture and design of platforms including mobile SoCs, DRAM, eMMC, PMICs and sensors.  Experience taking designs from concept to NPI through volume manufacturing.  Strong knowledge of electro-mechanical interfaces, including optical, magnetic, and acoustic sensors, as well as DC motors, motor driver circuits, and PID control.  Superior communication and organization skills, experience working with small cross-functional teams (mechanical, firmware, software, product management).  Strong knowledge of electro-mechanical interfaces, including optical, magnetic, and acoustic sensors, as well as DC motors, motor driver circuits, and PID control.  Knowledge of batteries, battery chargers, switching power supplies, and power system design are a plus.  Experience designing for offshore, high volume manufacturing with respect to both cost and manufacturability will be preferred.  Working experience with OrCAD and Allegro.  Familiarity with WIFI/ BT radios and antennas.  Familiarity with C/ C++ for embedded systems.  Experience and interest in robotics
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have a minimum of a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Mathematics and a minimum of twelve (12) years of software/ system development work experience (Four (4) years of equivalent related military experience may be substituted for Bachelor degree); or a .  Masters of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering with a minimum of ten (10) years of experience; and have technical expertise in three (3) or more of the following areas:.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have at least ten (10) years of work experience in four (4) or more of the following:.  Experience with operating system internals with one or more of the following operating systems: Unix, Linux, VxWorks.  Experience with reverse engineering and analysis of software.  Experience with Ida Pro or Ghidra.  Hands-on experience with integrating hardware and software systems.  Experience with Python or similar scripting languages.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Direct experience in Reverse Engineering tools, both COTS and GOTS.  Substantial experience with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Bash and in low-level programming of device drivers in a Unix, Linux, or Windows environment.  Strong leadership and mentorship skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Experience: .  Strong background in classical machine learning and deep knowledge in a variety of techniques in feature selection, regression, classification, and clustering, and their real-world advantages and drawbacks Hands-on experience with applied mathematics, e.  Experience with large data sets and distributed computing tools is a plus.  Ability to multitask with attention to details.  Familiarity with financial analytics and time series econometrics is a plus Practical experience with semantic text analysis and deep learning is a plus Education: PhD or .  Masters degree in computer science or an engineering/ math/ statistics/ science discipline with a strong computer science component with 2+ years of data science/ machine learning engineering experience Compensation: Competitive salary; Stock options; Health benefits: medical, vision, and dental; Paid time off; 401k; Life insurance; Short- and long-term disability.  Experience: Data Science: 2 years (Required)Education: Masterâ€™s
A successful SVP, Technology will have prior organizational leadership experience.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar; .  Masters a plus10+ years of technical experience with 5+ in a management capacity.  Experience managing a diverse cross-functional team with different skill levels across multiple job locations.  Strong organizational leadership skills Extensive experience in hiring talented people for diverse, productive development teams.  Expert level knowledge and experience in software design and best practices in developing customer-orientated platforms, preferably in the context of SaaS applications.  Proven track record of building and managing successful software delivery teams, especially in a client-facing SaaS application development environment.  Must be knowledgeable about industry trends, best practices, and change management.  Ability to manage multiple projects and resolve issues that impact deadlines .  Ability to make decisions quickly under conflicting constraints, moving rapidly to meet the demands of a fast-growing company.  Experience in system design, with knowledge of the JEE technical stack a plus Working knowledge of cloud computing platforms (such as Amazon Web Services), common development tools and secure coding practices .  Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate and interact with a variety of internal/ external customers and/ or co-workers.  Ability to exercise a high level of discretion and protect confidential business, client and personal user information What we look for: Outstanding listening, analytical, organizational and time management skills.  Ability to dig into data, surface actionable insights and demonstrates sound decision-making skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, interpersonal and collaborative skills, and the ability to communicate to technical and non-technical audiences.  Strong work ethic, hands-on, detail oriented with a customer service mentality Team player, self-driven, motivated and able to work under pressure Able to drive a project from conception to completion, not just execute on an existing plan, with impeccable multi-tasking ability.  The ability to prioritize tasks in order to meet deadlines Results-oriented and demonstrated record of developing initiatives that impact productivity Proactive and solutions-oriented with experience working in ambiguity.  Ability to interact and speak to clients or investors about complex technology Work Location: This position is based in our Dover, NH office, but will work closely with colleagues in all of Atheniums physical and remote business locations
 You are an engineer with more than seven years' mobile application experience who is passionate about creating a fantastic experience.  Work closely with our product and design teams to customize the Compass experience for the iOS platform.  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent field.  7+ years' experience developing mobile application for iOS environment.  Strong CS fundamentals (algorithms and data structures) and problem-solving skills.  Knowledge of software design patterns and iOS best practices.  Ability to collaborate across engineering and design teams.  Ability to recognize and implement modern product design.  Experience with Swift and iOS ecosystem.  Experience with CoreML, AR/ VR technologies
 Required Skills, .  Experience.  You have 5+ years of experience being a major machine learning contributor at a top company, hedge fund, or university.  You have experience with advanced machine learning methods.  You possess strong statistical knowledge, intuition, and experience modeling real data.  We are an equal opportunity employer that welcomes future Kenshins with all experiences and perspectives
 7 10 years of experience in the software industry. Bachelor s degree in computer science, information technology, engineering or related field willing to accept foreign education equivalent.  Java J2EE design and development experience using Spring, Spring Boot, JNDI, XML, XSLT, JUnit.  Architectural experience UML and OO design.  Database SQL tuning experience. 8 experience.  Preferred Skills.  Strong expertise in Spring Hibernate framework and any responsive web technologies like Bootstrap and Angular JS. Must know spring Integration and Spring Boot.  Knowledge of Internet based B2C and B2B2C Financial Services and Credit Industry desired. Cloud experience and awareness AWS Preferred 
 Experience:.  Masters or higher preferred.  5 years of total experience in data science management/ risk modeling.  2+ years of hands-on risk modeling experience required.  1-2 years of leadership experience.  Required Skills:.  Strong creative problem solving and communication skills.  Strong understanding of statistics, econometrics and machine learning concepts.  Experience with statistical techniques such as OLS and logistic regression.  Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms.  Experience developing models in Python, R or SAS.  Experience with Microsoft Azure ML platform is a plus
 Their goal is to deliver an exceptional customer experience with greater performance and lower costs, enabling DoD agencies to fulfill their missions.  Experts in the transformation to an enhanced shared services business model based on private sector best practices and fee for service.  Our team will support WHS in driving enhanced accountability, efficiency, transparency and trust, performance improvement, customer experience, and phased transformation to Robotics Process Automation (RPA). Specifically, the ideal candidate will be familiar with, and have experience with the following technical knowledge, skills, and abilities: Assisting with designing, implementing, and supporting enterprise information technology applications and business solutions.  Experience assessing and leveraging both mainstream and emerging technology advancements (analytics and automation/ robotics) with a strategic mindset to transform or optimize business designs.  Experience with building and deploying automation using software platforms, including UiPath, Automation Kapow, or certificates in AA, Blue Prism, etc.  Experience using REST and Service-Oriented Architectures, Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), and deploying and supporting system applications across these types environments.  Proven ability to analyze current information systems and make enhancements to increase their effectiveness.  Experience: This position requires a bachelors degree or higher in Engineering, Science, Computer Engineering, business, MIS or a related field from an accredited institution.  A minimum of three (10) years of relevant professional experience is required.  Experience working in or directly for the DoD is required
 The Algorithmic Warfare team at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is looking for you to join our team as a Sr.  Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline with 9 years of technical experience; Master's Degree with 7 years of technical experience; PhD with 0 years experience.  Must be a U.  Experience in any of the following areas is highly desired: data analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, signal processing, statistical decision theory, detection and tracking, classification, modeling and simulation, and algorithm development, particularly as applied to complex sensor systems.  Experience with remote sensing data, such as radar, EO/ IR, multi or hyper-spectral, acoustics.  Familiarity with signal processing algorithm design and implementation in C or C++, and real-time parallel processing
 Expertise.  Minimum 5 years healthcare and pharmaceutical industry experience with a focus on outcomes research using administrative claims, electronic medical records, other healthcare data, and/ or economic modeling, narrative and systemic literature reviews, meta-analyses, and Global and AMCP value dossier. , MPH or PhD) may substitute for work experience.  Ability to communicate with individuals at various levels within the organization and external clients in a leadership capacity.  Proven project management and consensus building experience.  Expertise.  Minimum 5 years healthcare and pharmaceutical industry experience with a focus on outcomes research using administrative claims, electronic medical records, other healthcare data, and/ or economic modeling, narrative and systemic literature reviews, meta-analyses, and Global and AMCP value dossier. , MPH or PhD) may substitute for work experience.  Ability to communicate with individuals at various levels within the organization and external clients in a leadership capacity.  Proven project management and consensus building experience.  Experiences
 Bachelors degree in a field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Business or similar, with at least 10 years professional experience.  Proven ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously and driving projects to completion.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams.  Experience managing teams of 10 or more people A self-starter who loves using data to drive large scale improvements Great written and verbal communication skills ??can provide information to technical and non-technical stakeholders alike.  Foster culture of continuous product and analytics improvement through mentoring, feedback, and metrics Deliver vision for a suite of products Own and champion operational excellence through establishment of group-wide metrics for measurement with a consistent, regular process for assessment and improvement Interface with a diverse customer base to understand requirements, priorities, and processes Set clear, measurable quality goals for an organization in a data-driven way Have the obsession to drive a better customer experience through everything that we do here at Amazon Bring innovative ideas to the table every day, in order to find better ways of accomplishing our customer objectives Raise the bar on functionality, flow, consistency, usability, and simplicity continually; guard the world-class supply chain experience at Amazon Mentor and promote your team members.  Experience with analytics and large data sets.  Experience with forecasting.  Experience working with scientists and engineers on machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI).  Experience with AWS technologies
 10 years software experience with 2+ years of deploying machine learning models to production is required.  Strong development experience with Python is a must along with ML libraries (numpy, scikit learn, tensorflow).  Some familiarity with Java or Kotlin is also preferred.  Familiarity with Amazon Web Services is a must(experience with Sagemaker is a plus).  Experience with Apache Kafka, Spark and building event-based ML systems.  Experience in SQL, Redshift and database optimization.  Proven ability to thrive in a fast-moving, team-oriented, startup environment.  AWS - EKS, S3, SNS, SQS, KMS, Sagemaker.  Experience with scaling, monitoring and alerting
 Masters degree in IT + 5 years of experience
 The successful candidate will have extensive experience working with high-dimensional datasets using best practices in statistical data analyses to provide scientific insights and inform translational strategies.  PhD with 5 ??7 years of industry or relevant experience, or MS with 8 ??10 years of relevant experience in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field and/ or experience in systems biology.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Experience implementing NGS data analysis pipelines preferably in a production context.  Demonstrate experience and use of state-of-the-art bioinformatic tools for genome-scale or big data derived from Next Generation Sequencing including: DNA, RNA, Epigenetics, and Single Cell sequencing platforms and assays.  Knowledge of high-level computing languages: R, C/ C++, Python, Java, Perl, and willingness to learn other(s).  Strong knowledge in statistical software and language (e.  Experience with distributed computing, database (e.  Database programming or dashboard experience is a plus.  Experience with any of the following: Agile software development, Seven Bridges, Arvados, Git, React.  Experience in data integration, algorithm development, programming, and evaluation of analytical tools.  Excellent written and verbal communication, organizational skills, and a strong team player.  Ability to drive initiatives, decisive decision-maker with proven ability to deliver excellence, and excel in a matrix environment
 BS or MS (preferred) in EE/ CE with 5+ years industry experience.  Strong knowledge of SOC architecture including clocking, reset architecture, power-sequencing and power-management.  Excellent written, verbal and negotiation skills, to work with others and build consensus.  Excellent analytical and independent problem-solving skills.  Strong scripting skills in languages such as Perl or Python.  C++ experience.  System C or C++ development skills, or relevant programming experience.  Familiarity with Automotive Functional Safety and ISO26262 standard
 MS or PhD degree in computer or electrical engineering with at least 8 years of architecture, design and/ or verification experience or equivalent experience.  Strong knowledge and industry expertise in SoC architecture definition - Clocks, Resets, Power-Sequencing, Power Management, Automotive safety, Interconnects, Memory Controller, Boot, Virtualization, Security, System Performance, IO technologies, (PCIE, Camera Interfaces, etc), Multimedia accelerator pipelines, CPU/ GPU coherency, Platform integration.  Excellent written, verbal and negotiation skills, to work with others and build consensus.  Excellent analytical and independent problem-solving skills.  Experience with platform power and reset sequencing.  System C or C++ development skills, or relevant programming experience.  Familiarity with Automotive Functional Safety and ISO26262 standard
 You Have:3+ years of experience within a technical consultant role, including business development, software implementation, solutions management, or capture activities.  Experience with software development and engineering workflow management, leading Agile teams, or other technical project management.  Experience with data science, machine learning, or data engineering, including in a technologist, consultant, or advisory role.  Knowledge of analytics technologies and platforms, including machine learning, deep learning, big data, and cloud computing.  Ability to communicate complex technical ideas, designs, solutions, and their benefits Active Top Secret clearanceBA or BS degree.  Knowledge of standard design patterns for software, big data, and analytics systems and technologies.  Ability to work with relevant reference architectures for customer needs and keep up with industry trends and changes MA or MS degree
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors or higher in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other relevant engineering or IT security field, or related equivalent additional experience.  12+ years of experience in government or industry within Cyber Security Engineering.  5+ years of experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using cloud-based technologies.  Masters degree in Cyber Security, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or other relevant engineering or IT security field.  12+ years of experience in government or industry leading enterprise-level cyber security efforts involving architecting, designing, development, and configuration of cloud- and on premise-based systems and software.  Experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience engineering Cyber Security solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
 Ability to obtain/ maintain TS/ SCI with Poly required.  Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline Engineering, Business Information Systems, Computer Science, Information Systems/ Technology, Business with a Technical Background.  20+ years of experience in directing program activities to meet client and organization work objectives and have served clients to coordinate activities, negotiate tasks, and solve problems.  Experience in the development, drafting, and writing of Technical and Program Management solutions in responses to competitive Government Requests for Proposal.  Experience supervising technical and administrative staff.  In-depth knowledge and experience in applying service delivery business models and technologies to deliver successful outcomes that support and enhance customer mission capabilities.  Firm knowledge across and experience in several of the following areas: Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Managed Services, Cybersecurity, Software Application Development, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Science;.  Knowledgeable and experienced in application and best practices of ITIL Framework.  Ability to acquire & subsequently maintain relevant domain accreditations in at least two of the following Cloud Platforms: AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google.  Ability to work collaboratively in a dynamic, unstructured environment.  Experience designing and delivering solutions, preferably in a Defense or National Intelligence agency.  Experience working in a P&L capacity and understanding the balance of delivering solutions that meet business oriented objectives
 You have extensive experience as an embedded/ firmware developer, particularly with VxWorks, in a network protocol environment.  12 years of software/ system development with a Bachelor's or 4 Years of Military Service in Electrical Engineering, Computer Related, or Math, or 10 years with a Master's degree.  Actual detailed work experience in four (4) or more of the following:.  Experience with operating system internals with one or more of the following operating systems: Unix, Linux, VxWorks.  Experience with reverse engineering and analysis of software.  Experience with Ida Pro or Ghidra.  Hands-on experience with integrating hardware and software systems.  Experience with Python or similar scripting languages.  Expert (SME)
 Are you a Telcom and/ or Media industry expert who has deep knowledge and a point of view in transforming the customer experience in the Telcom and/ or Media industries? Do you have experience in enterprise software in the industry? Are you a compelling communicator and passionate about driving growth in the Telcom and Media industries? Are you a experienced business professional with the ability to think and act strategically?.  We are looking for a proven track record in the following three key attributes:.  Experience: We are seeking an industry expert on 360 degree customer engagement and employee experience with direct experience in or selling to the Telcom and/ or Media industries.  Experience in Telcom/ Media, B2B sales, B2C sales, retail, call center service, field service and artificial intelligence (AI) driven customer and employee experience design preferred.  Proven ability to introduce and develop strategic solutions in Telcom and Media companies.  Proven ability growing a global Telcom and Media industry segment with successful experience leading a team to develop, own and drive a Telcom and Media solution set that differentiates Salesforce to continue to be a leader in the industry category.  Proven ability to develop short and long term plans to achieve solution revenue targets, engaging with large direct and matrixed Sales, Pre-Sales, Corporate Marketing, Architects, and other cross-functional teams as needed.  10+ years of experience working in the Telcom and/ or Media industry, with knowledge/ experience in the customer experience and customer-facing channels.  Knowledge of the typical use cases and patterns in a Telcom and Media environment.  Experience crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content.  Strong communication and writing skills.  Bachelor's degree.  MBA or related Master's degree a big plus.  Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.  Exceptional team player with proven ability to lead through influence.  Proven track record in performing well in a fast paced environment, and ability to work across business lines
Wish you could apply your Machine Learning and Software Engineering experience to help dogs everywhere? Now you can.  Technical degree (BS/ MS/ PhD in Engineering, Computer Science, Math, Physics).  5+ years experience in machine learning and software development.  Experience with developing new machine learning models and deploying them to production.  Experience with the Python analytics tools suites (Pandas, numpy, Jupyter notebooks, etc.  Experience with machine learning (like scikit-learn) and deep learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch).  Strong experience in writing and maintaining production level code.  Experience with machine learning on time-series data.  If you also had these experiences, you'd knock it out of the dog park:.  Experience working with electronic medical records (EMRs).  Experience with natural language processing (NLP) and text mining.  Experience with statistical modeling, and hypothesis testing.  The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care
 We're looking for someone who has a proven track record selling to and/ or consulting with public sector organizations, and can excel in a start-up fast paced environment.  5+ years in Federal /  Public Sector sales - start-up or early stage company experience is preferred.  Strong understanding of Federal Market and Government Agencies.  Has an exceptionally strong track record in advanced enterprise sales with proven over-performance.  To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
 Ability to work within a team environment and build relationships outside of the department as well as outside the company (product development, customer service, sales/ marketing, operations, suppliers, etc.  Ability to lead projects across all assets of the service organization.  Advanced Analytical Skills; demonstrated ability to troubleshoot and correct complex process/ system issues.  Experience Requirements.  3-5 years experience in an (Electrical, Mechanical, Computer/ IT) Engineering or Service Engineering role.  Experience with Service Management tools (ServiceMax, Salesforce, ServiceNow)
 Advanced degree in science or PE or equivalent experience required.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:.  Proven leadership and management capability overseeing an area of technical complexity.  Proven people management experience.  Experience in performing and/ or managing research activities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience with data science and/ or artificial intelligence.  Established leadership skills including leading a cross-functional group.  Demonstrated people and project management experience.  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with diverse personnel and ability to resolve conflicts.  Excellent communication skills for all levels
 Utilizing the markets top data specialists, validated industry knowledge and proven methodologies, Syniti has led thousands of successful data journey projects for Forbes Global 2000 organizations.  The ideal candidate is a hands-on platform builder with significant experience in developing scalable data platforms.  Bachelors (and/ or advanced) degree in Computer Science or similar field.  5+ years of experience in engineering, software development or related technical field.  2+ years prior experience in a DevOps culture for Cloud-based software solutions.  Experience working in a Cloud environment such as AWS, Azure, or GCP.  Familiarity with AWS tools and services (e.  Proficiency in one of the following programming languages: Javascript, Python or Go.  Experience with containers, Kubernetes and/ or similar technology.  Strong problem solving and debugging skills.  Ability to work closely with team while remote (video and voip calls, Slack)
 A proven engineer with 7+ years of hands-on software engineering experience including having designed and built enterprise-level software applications.  Have experience with multiple software stacks throughout your career and are willing to adapt to new ones.  Have experience designing and operating software in a cloud provider such as AWS, GCP, or Azure.  Have API design and data model implementation experience, including how to scale out, make highly available, or map to storage systems.  Have experience using Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (CI/ CD) with an emphasis on a well-maintained testing pyramid.  Have experience coordinating with product management to ensure dependencies can be satisfied across teams and functionality.  Have experience operating in an Agile environment.  Have experience with 'Big Data' technologies such as: Kafka, AWS EMR, Apache Spark, DataFlow or Pipeline Systems, Columnar Databases, ElasticSearch, NoSql stores.  Have experience implementing custom integrations with third party back-office solutions such as Salesforce.  Cloud Provider: AWS - EC2, ECS, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, MSK, S3, Aurora, DynamoDB, KMS, CloudFront, CloudFormation, CodePipeline, etc
 Software developer with 5+ years of embedded system experience.  Excellent experience with C/ C++.  Hands-on experience using Real Time Operating Systems.  Hands-on experience with hardware bring-up, debug and testing.  Experience developing embedded firmware for safety-critical real-time systems in production environments in the transportation, medical, defense, or aerospace industries.  Experience with ISO-26262.  Experience with automotive networks such as CAN and Ethernet.  Knowledge of existing ADAS technologies such as adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, and lane keeping.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services
 Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field).  5+ years of product management or related experience for platform products.  Ability to weigh competing priorities, manage tradeoffs and evaluate opportunistic new ideas with stakeholders.  Ability to understand complex data models and drive data quality improvements through technology and processes.  Experience managing products at various stages of maturity, from legacy to greenfield.  Ability to thrive and adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth and rapidly changing environment.  Familiarity with CRM and Document Management platforms such as Salesforce, Docusign a plus
 We are looking for a Senior Product Designer to drive a customer-centered UX strategy and execute on seamless workflow experiences for our agent experience.  You should be able to communicate in a clear and concise manner and be comfortable interacting with executives and other stakeholder groups to define an approach, present cohesive experiences, articulate decisions, and build alignment.  We're looking for an experienced product designer who loves and has had success in simplifying complex workstreams into simple, intuitive experiences.  In addition to being a strategic partner, you love to execute the creation of great user experiences: mapping seamless flows, contributing components to our design system, and geeking out on UI details or interaction patterns.  You'll collaborate with front-end and back-end engineers to ensure well-executed, high-quality experiences on Web, iOS, and Android.  At least 5-7 years experience designing enterprise and/ or enterprise software.  Knowledge of modern, emerging web and mobile UI patterns and design tools.  Strong technical background with an understanding of the basics of modern applications.  Ability to communicate and collaborate on cross-functional teams
 Bachelors degree in a natural or medical science and 2 years of research experience; or a .  Masters degree in a natural science.  Progressively responsible experience involving scientific laboratory or field work may be substituted for the .  Experience working in a scientific research environment with a strong background in a biological science or managing research data.  Masters degree.  Must have strong analytical and diagnostic skills.  Strong people skills for working in a diverse multi-cultural environment.  Must be self-directed and motivated.  Please include your experience as it relates to the qualifications stated above
 Our staff is diverse in experience and perspective, but at our core we share a lot of the same traits.  We seek an experienced and entrepreneurial candidate who has strong management skills, a deep understanding of technology issues in the federal government, and a desire to shape the direction of programming in a dynamic, growing organization.  Awareness of and experience with federal technology issues and challenges.  A deep understanding of modern technology, ideally with experience effectively delivering services (a.  Demonstrated ability to think strategically, with proven management and leadership capabilities and a high degree of initiative and willingness to navigate new situations.  Excellent program and project management skills, with strong interpersonal skills.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment and to organize multiple and varied projects simultaneously.  Experience in engaging with executive or senior level officials.  Bachelors degree in a related field, or equivalent professional work or military experience.  A minimum eight to 10 years of relevant work experience, particularly related to government and/ or the technology industry.  Strong experience with program budgeting and strategic planning.  Strong relationship management skills, leading to collaborative internal and external partnerships.  Prior professional experience working with the federal government strongly preferred.  Knowledge of federal technology issues and needs strongly preferred.  We actively recruit for diversity in our workplace, believing that a range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences contributes to our mission of revitalizing government
 Our mission is to provide a seamless sign-up, login, and authentication experience for every user of our growing number of products and web services, including agents, consumers, staff and, eventually, 3rd party developers.  You are a senior full stack engineer who is passionate about creating a fantastic user experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  6+ years of experience writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  6+ years of experience programming in languages like Java, Python, and Go (we use all three here at Compass).  Experience designing larger systems: particularly web services and RESTful APIs, microservice architectures, and data ingestion with a particular emphasis of industry-standard best practices.  In-depth understanding and hands-on experience with PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Memcached.  Experienced with AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, and Kinesis.  Familiarity and hands-on experience with Javascript and frontend frameworks
 Our mission is to provide a seamless sign-up, login, and authentication experience for every user of our growing number of products and web services, including agents, consumers, staff and, eventually, 3rd party developers.  You are a senior full stack engineer who is passionate about creating a fantastic user experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  6+ years of experience writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  6+ years of experience programming in languages like Java, Python, and Go (we use all three here at Compass).  Experience designing larger systems: particularly web services and RESTful APIs, microservice architectures, and data ingestion with a particular emphasis of industry-standard best practices.  In-depth understanding and hands-on experience with PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Memcached.  Experienced with AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, and Kinesis.  Familiarity and hands-on experience with Javascript and frontend frameworks
 Ability to obtain a SECRET clearance.  Minimum years of relevant experience: 3.  Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as:.  Advanced proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS.  Skills and/ or proven success in the following:.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.  Skills Development & Certifications
 You Have:3+ years of experience within a technical consultant role, including business development, software implementation, solutions management, or capture activities.  Experience with software development and engineering workflow management, leading Agile teams, or other technical project management.  Experience with data science, machine learning, or data engineering, including in a technologist, consultant, or advisory role.  Knowledge of analytics technologies and platforms, including machine learning, deep learning, big data, and cloud computing.  Ability to communicate complex technical ideas, designs, solutions, and their benefits Active Top Secret clearanceBA or BS degree.  Knowledge of standard design patterns for software, big data, and analytics systems and technologies.  Ability to work with relevant reference architectures for customer needs and keep up with industry trends and changes MA or MS degree
 TQs must provide specific examples that address relevant experience and accomplishments.  Demonstrated enterprise-level experience in effectively addressing senior leader and line of business strategic challenges with data-driven initiatives.  Demonstrated enterprise-level experience leveraging deep business and technical expertise to lead multidisciplinary teams in the execution of strategic, operational and tactical analyses that drive on better outcomes for the enterprise.  Educational Requirement: Degree in operations research; or at least 24 semester hours in a combination of operations research, mathematics, probability, statistics, mathematical logic, science, or subject-matter courses requiring substantial competence in college-level mathematics or statistics.  You will be evaluated on the quality and extent of your total accomplishments, experience, and education.  Information about paid and nonpaid work experience related to this position including: job title, duties and accomplishments, employer's name and address, duration of employment, and salary.  TQs must provide specific examples that address relevant experience and accomplishments.  Demonstrated enterprise-level experience in effectively addressing senior leader and line of business strategic challenges with data-driven initiatives.  Demonstrated enterprise-level experience leveraging deep business and technical expertise to lead multidisciplinary teams in the execution of strategic, operational and tactical analyses that drive on better outcomes for the enterprise
 As the feature set grows, we need to ensure that user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the military users can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Expert (SME) of military Courses of Action analysis, wargaming and simulation software systems.  Prior military tactical experience and/ or understanding of the military operations and capabilities would be a very strong asset, although not required.  Key Skills to Have for this Technical role.  Military experience required.  Excellent communicator.  Experience to Have, Some Combination needed.  Software development experience
 MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or closely related field with 7+ years of experience as an embedded engineer.  Experience with graphics APIs - Vulkan and OpenGL.  Experience with GPU computing programming, using CUDA.  Good experience developing user mode system SW and drivers for HW accelerators.  Experience with products based on Linux, Android, or any Real-time/ micro-kernel operating systems.  Strong time-management and organization skills for coordinating multiple initiatives, priorities and implementations of new technology and products into very sophisticated projects.  Experience working on GPU technology, imaging, camera, and multimedia.  Knowledge of real-time data processing, networking and communication.  Proven record of integrating and delivering functional and performant real-time and/ or distributed systems
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and able to handle more complex assignments.  Solid proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Ability to multi-task.  Solid skills in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree; Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to quickly grasp and apply new information.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and able to handle more complex assignments.  Solid proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Ability to multi-task.  Solid skills in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree; Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to quickly grasp and apply new information.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Expert of Emerging Technology will be responsible for leading and delivering the following essential functions:.  Must be registered for Selective Service, if applicable (www.  Experience.  Specialized experience must have been at a sufficiently high level of difficulty to clearly show that the candidate possesses the required qualifications set forth below.  Experience for this position is:.  Proven leadership roles and skills related to Emerging Technology, such as but not limited to Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation implementation with professional experience in applied implementation of Natural Language Processing (NLP), .  Expert Systems Evolutionary Computation, Robotic Process Automation, & Deep Machine Learning/ Neural Networks domain.  Proven experience in applications of Emerging Technologies in decision augmentation.  Ability to lead in fast paced and dynamic environment.  Proven public sector and/ or corporate experience leadership with major deep learning initiatives that resulted in measurable improvements with sound Emerging Technology strategies aligned with an overall (digital) business strategy.  Demonstrated senior level experience leading organizational change management to drive large, cross-functional Emerging Technology programs involving coordination with multiple stakeholders at various levels of the organization.  Demonstrated senior level experience defining and articulating enterprise data management, strategic vision and translating it into implementable steps for emerging technology operationalization.  Demonstrated senior level experience defining and articulating enterprise architecture, strategic vision and translating it into implementable steps for emerging technology operationalization.  Demonstrated experience using various technologies of emerging technology within an organization.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  Masters or at minimum a bachelors in Emerging Technology field such as Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, or other technical related field.  Showcases proven analytical and problem-solving ability particularly as it pertains to emerging technology architecture, design, and development.  Strong in social awareness and relationship management, ability to remain calm under stress, open-minded, empathetic, self-motivated.  In order to be considered for this position, you must demonstrate in your application package that you meet the key requirements for the job, answer the Professional Technical Qualifications (PTQs), and submit a detailed resume that supports your answers to the PTQs and specialized experience.  Your responses to the PTQs, specialized experience and resume will be evaluated by a Human Resources Specialist and/ or a rating and ranking panel.  Falsifying your background, education, and/ or experience is cause for not hiring you or for changing your scored responses to questions you've answered, which may affect your overall final score.  A resume or any other written format you choose to describe your job-related qualifications; optional cover letter: Your resume should indicate your citizenship and should list your educational and work experience.  Experience Statements.  Please Note: Responses to the specialized experience statements that are not fully supported by the information in your resume may result in adjustments to your rating
 Expert of Emerging Technology will be responsible for leading and delivering the following essential functions:.  Must be registered for Selective Service, if applicable (www.  Experience.  Specialized experience must have been at a sufficiently high level of difficulty to clearly show that the candidate possesses the required qualifications set forth below.  Experience for this position is:.  Proven leadership roles and skills related to Emerging Technology, such as but not limited to Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation implementation with professional experience in applied implementation of Natural Language Processing (NLP), .  Expert Systems Evolutionary Computation, Robotic Process Automation, & Deep Machine Learning/ Neural Networks domain.  Proven experience in applications of Emerging Technologies in decision augmentation.  Ability to lead in fast paced and dynamic environment.  Proven public sector and/ or corporate experience leadership with major deep learning initiatives that resulted in measurable improvements with sound Emerging Technology strategies aligned with an overall (digital) business strategy.  Demonstrated senior level experience leading organizational change management to drive large, cross-functional Emerging Technology programs involving coordination with multiple stakeholders at various levels of the organization.  Demonstrated senior level experience defining and articulating enterprise data management, strategic vision and translating it into implementable steps for emerging technology operationalization.  Demonstrated senior level experience defining and articulating enterprise architecture, strategic vision and translating it into implementable steps for emerging technology operationalization.  Demonstrated experience using various technologies of emerging technology within an organization.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  Masters or at minimum a bachelors in Emerging Technology field such as Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Computer Science, Math, Engineering, or other technical related field.  Showcases proven analytical and problem-solving ability particularly as it pertains to emerging technology architecture, design, and development.  Strong in social awareness and relationship management, ability to remain calm under stress, open-minded, empathetic, self-motivated.  In order to be considered for this position, you must demonstrate in your application package that you meet the key requirements for the job, answer the Professional Technical Qualifications (PTQs), and submit a detailed resume that supports your answers to the PTQs and specialized experience.  Your responses to the PTQs, specialized experience and resume will be evaluated by a Human Resources Specialist and/ or a rating and ranking panel.  Falsifying your background, education, and/ or experience is cause for not hiring you or for changing your scored responses to questions you've answered, which may affect your overall final score.  A resume or any other written format you choose to describe your job-related qualifications; optional cover letter: Your resume should indicate your citizenship and should list your educational and work experience.  Experience Statements.  Please Note: Responses to the specialized experience statements that are not fully supported by the information in your resume may result in adjustments to your rating
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience.  Well rely on you to use proposal plans and strategies to develop, define, and implement cohesive, integrated program, subcontractor, and material plans that achieve overall current and long term objectives of the program, business unit, and division, as well as develop WBS and WBS dictionary as baseline for scope definition and effective integrated cost/ schedule management of the project.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years relevant experience.  Ability to develop and implement a product-oriented WBS and WBS Dictionary.  Earned Value Management and scheduling tool experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Expert-Level).  Expert-level Systems Engineers assist in leading engineering teams in taking a multi-discipline approach to requirements engineering, solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, resiliency, services development, integration, test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the National System of Geospatial-intelligence (NSG), Allied System of Geospatial-intelligence (ASG) and Federal Agencies to ensure timely and accurate GEOINT.  Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related technical or scientific fields such as Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering Management, Computer Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.  18+ years of experience working in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/ IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or systems engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture environments residing in cloud, on premise, or hybrid infrastructures.  Experience with and strong understanding of systems engineering lifecycle.  Masters degree or higher in Systems Engineering or in a related technical or scientific fields such as Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Engineering Management, Computer Science, Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.  Expert Systems engineering Professional (ESEP) certification.  Extensive work experience in the field of geospatial intelligence.  Experience engineering solutions using Cloud-based technologies.  Experience engineering solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience engineering solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  The engineers will leverage experience as software engineers and systems engineers/ administrators to work closely with CTO Teams including Architecture, Cloud, CI/ CD, Application Hosting, Observability, Continuous Testing, and Capacity Management to ensure products and services we provide to customers are always on. 995% availability for the firm's critical products and services leading to improved customer experience and customer satisfaction.  Apply experience in one or more of the following areas:.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  5+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R.  3+ years of build-deploy automation and configuration experience within the Linux and Unix environment.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  3+ years of experience with Cloud technologies.  Incident Management System experience.  Configuration Management Tools experience.  Experience with Agile Scrum (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospective meetings) and Kanban.  Ability to interact with all levels of an organization.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Experience with system administration across multiple platforms.  Experience with software development languages such as JavaScript (React, Angular), Go and C/ C++.  Experience with one or more CI/ CD & Automation tools: Jenkins, Gitlab, SonarQube, Artifactory, Ansible, Puppet, Apigee.  Experience with one or more Observability/ Monitoring tools: DataDog, Grafana, Prometheus, ELK (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana), Kafka, CloudWatch, Jaeger, Zipkin, Kinesis, Apache Airflow, AppDynamics.  Knowledge of and/ or experience with one or more of the following: AIOps (Moogsoft, BigPanda, UIpath), Robotic Processing, Automation, Artificial Intelligence (AI)/ Machine Learning (ML) Frameworks, Data Structures, Testing Tools, Capacity Management.  Ability to travel up to 15% of the time
 Join us and contribute your ideas to advancing the world! Send us your info and let us discuss the opportunity! Job Description We are on the lookout for an experienced software developer that knows how to build and ship product! As a skilled and self-motivated Senior Software Engineer, you will have an opportunity to join a highly talented development team to successfully deliver our new product, Skyhub.  You will provide senior development experience for the product team, working closely with the most capable end users on the planet.  As a team member, you will: Influence design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and Kubernetes at-the-edge technology stacks Work on an experienced delivery team, consistently delivering high quality product features in an Agile environment Provide strong understanding to team members in how to build reliable and secure code with a modern tech stack Build and deploy K8s containers and provide versatility in applying modern scalable frameworks Deliver and ship a product for use in a realistic end user operating environment Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Comfortable on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to assist and mentor junior developers.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes configuration Software development experience with two or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: shipping new software products, full stack web application development, DevSecOps product development, information retrieval and transformation, and/ or secure software development CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test US Citizenship Preferred qualifications: .  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. Cloud Certifications (e. , AWS Certified Architect, GCP Certified Cloud Architect, Azure Solutions Architect)3+ years of relevant experience in software development using Kubernetes, Docker and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on backend application development3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectively Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.  Experience: relevant: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 Experience.  Data pipeline design, ETL experience, Azure data factory, Azure streams analytics, Polybase, SQL server DB, Azure Blob Storage, Azure data Lake.  Experience in Big Data processing as well as have Batch real time data ingestion implementation experience.  Candidate must have experience with.  Experience, Kafka.  Experience with at least one programming language experience java, python, C . net , Agile project experience.  Excellent verbal and oral communication Should possess leadership qualities Work with minimum supervision, should be a leader than a follower Culturally sound.  Must have some exposure with Microsoft Event Hub, Kafka, and Talent Must know Data pipeline design, ETL experience, Azure data factory, Azure streams analytics, Polybase, SQL server DB5 7 years of experience Microsoft Microservices, Spring Boot Framework knowledge.  Apigee experience is a must.  Experience with Cloudera platform experience.  Experience with Kafka, Hive, Hadoop 
 Based on decades of experience with our customers, we apply leading-edge technologies to support security and safety throughout the world.  Hands-on experience in embedded software development is also beneficial.  Specific Skills/ .  Excellent understanding of real-time embedded software design and be proficient in Linux, C, C++, Python and other software languages and operating systems.  Agile software development and/ or Git/ JIRA experience is a plus.  Ability to meaningfully communicate with members of all engineering disciplines (Hardware, RF, Software, FPGA, etc), as well as management.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience Developing software for wireless communications products a plus.  Bachelor's (BS) or Master's (MS) degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.  Experience programming in C, C++, and/ or Python.  Must be a U.  Experienced
 Two years of business analytics experience required.  Experience, & .  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Business (with Quantitative focus), Marketing or related discipline preferred.  Masters degree desirable.  3+ years of analytics or related experience preferred.  Advanced knowledge of MS Excel essential (e.  1+ years of digital marketing experience a plus.  Job Specific Technical Skills & Competencies.  Exposure and working knowledge of tools such as Python, SAS, R, SQL preferred.  Experience with Descriptive Analytic practices and processes preferred.  Knowledge or experience of dashboarding tools, KPI, etc.  Previous experience with web analytics reporting applications (IBM Digital Analytics (formerly Core metrics), Google Analytics, etc.  Ability to effectively communicate with business partners, manage time and projects.  Excellent time management skills, and collaborative nature preferred.  Ability to evaluate results and provide insights
 Experience Requirements.  BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or Physics with advanced degree preferred.  Strong skills in software architecture design.  NET environment, C# and WPF with 6+ years of experience.  Experience with systems streaming data in real time, interfacing with HW and FW and handling HW and SW watchdog.  Experience with product development, product support, and product launches. ECG, Ultrasonic, Doppler and Artificial Intelligence experience preferred.  Specialized Skills /  Other Requirements.  Experience with cybersecurity for medical devices
Are you a Software Developer or Engineer with Python experience? We are looking for Developers with C++ or Python experience. Desired Skills: - Python, C#, C++ coding expertise- .  Experience in a high pace environment Nice to Haves: - Amazon Web Services (AWS) experience a plus- Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or comparable- Machine Learning /  Artificial Intelligence experience a plus Job Type: Full-timePay: $101,101.  Experience: Development: 3 years 
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Ability to use various software applications including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint to produce training materials.  Must be available for occasional on-call support.  Ability to install and maintain hardware and software associated with this position.  Strong initiative on assignments and ability to exercise independent judgment and professionally executes projects.  Ability to think creatively and multi-task.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Direct experience in Reverse Engineering tools, both COTS and GOTS.  Demonstrated experience with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Bash and in low-level programming of device drivers in a Unix, Linux, or Windows environment.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have a minimum of a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Mathematics and a minimum of twelve (12) years of software/ system development work experience (Four (4) years of equivalent related military experience may be substituted for Bachelor degree); or a .  Masters of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering with a minimum of ten (10) years of experience; and have technical expertise in three (3) or more of the following areas:.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have at least ten (10) years of work experience in four (4) or more of the following:.  Experience with operating system internals with one or more of the following operating systems: Unix, Linux, VxWorks.  Experience with reverse engineering and analysis of software.  Experience with Ida Pro or Ghidra.  Hands-on experience with integrating hardware and software systems.  Experience with Python or similar scripting languages.  What youll experience:.  Strong leadership and mentorship skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and able to handle more complex assignments.  Solid proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Ability to multi-task.  Solid skills in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree; Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to quickly grasp and apply new information.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to grasp and apply new information quickly and able to handle more complex assignments.  Solid proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Ability to multi-task.  Solid skills in communicating issues, impacts, and corrective actions.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree; Agile experience preferred.  Familiarity with technical standards.  Ability to quickly grasp and apply new information.  Ability to clearly recognize and report relevant to sound systems engineering design.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience.  Well rely on you to use proposal plans and strategies to develop, define, and implement cohesive, integrated program, subcontractor, and material plans that achieve overall current and long term objectives of the program, business unit, and division, as well as develop WBS and WBS dictionary as baseline for scope definition and effective integrated cost/ schedule management of the project.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years relevant experience.  Ability to develop and implement a product-oriented WBS and WBS Dictionary.  Earned Value Management and scheduling tool experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  At least 5 years of postdoctoral experience or commensurate career experience.  Experience in machine learning or artificial intelligence work is critical, with cheminformatics or computational chemistry experience a plus.  Expertise in a subset of open source machine learning platforms, such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, Pandas, XGBoost, DeepChem or Scikit-Learn is essential.  Excellent communication skills are a must
 Strong technical ability to understand and learn a diverse group of technical products in order to support customer onboarding, integration, training, and operational support.  Enterprise product consulting and integration experience, understanding of industry best practices, implementation experience with enterprise platforms.  Experience with key areas of customer enterprise workflows, including onboarding techniques, access control & security, and asset and metadata management.  Proven ability to interact with all levels of an organization with technical and non-technical customers and stakeholders.  Strong aptitude for communicating complex business and technical concepts.  Ability to collaborate with a variety of teams while also being able to work independently as a self-starter on an as-needed basis.  Bachelor's degree required.  Familiarity with DAM solutions, image licensing, metadata modeling, API integrations, SaaS products, and working with product teams and software development.  Experience supporting Ad Data Platforms or other Data-driven products.  Experience with Advanced Analytics, Personalization, Targeting or use of Artificial Intelligence operationally, or other Business Intelligence tools.  Experience in technical product enterprise solutions, technical client facing integrations, and project management
 3-5 years post-graduate experience in ML, specifically in NLU/ NLP.  Expertise in NLP techniques to solve problems in dialogue management: either direct experience in dialogue systems OR experience in reinforcement learning.  NLU, NLG, ASR/ TTS and/ or experience with dialogue systems.  Experience with Python packages for Machine Learning (Scikit-Learn), NLP (SpaCy), and Deep Learning (Pytorch).  Proven track record of problem-solving, communication, and critical-thinking skills
 DMS (Digital Media Solutions) lab has researched and developed TV and display's picture quality algorithm for product excellence.  Samsung TV has been leading the industry with top products for 14 years and DMS lab contributes a lot for PQ algorithm.  DMS lab keep focusing on researching new algorithm for TV and display's picture quality improvement and optimization and supporting production.  Experience Requirements:.  More than 10 year's PQ research and development experience.  More than 5 years project manager experience
Mastercard is looking for an energized commercial/ technology attorney to join its dynamic legal team to serve as a legal partner for the recent acquisition, RiskRecon, which is part of the Cyber & Intelligence Solutions (C&I) group of Mastercard.  Mastercards C&I team provides strategic and cutting edge safety, security, identity and fraud solutions to Mastercards customers and cardholders.  This innovative team helps develop the next generation of Mastercard product solutions with respect to authentication, artificial intelligence, behavioral biometrics, cybersecurity, contactless transactions, and the internet-of-things.  Strong global experience in cybersecurity as well as supporting commercialization of products and product management.  Solid corporate transactional training and experience (preferably from a highly reputable law firm);.  Must have strong drafting and negotiations skills with the ability to manage complex issues and deal structure;.  Ability to operate in an agile and less than full information environment and ability to make quick but calculated decisions while managing risk effectively;.  Must be pragmatic, solutions-oriented, business-friendly, creative, nimble, thought provoker, and an advocate for the business;.  Must have leadership skills in bringing different perspectives together and work through competing priorities;.  Must be able to work independently and collaboratively, but also take direction from manager and other team members, as appropriate;.  Must multi-task effectively in an extremely fast-paced team environment with short turnaround times;.  Must have strong communication skills to interact with clients and colleagues;.  Must be a team player and willing to take on responsibilities and roles that support the team, region, department and the company;.  Must be interested in significant contact with the business clients on a daily basis.  Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  1+ year of Celonis Process Mining and/ or Engineering experience.  5+ years of business intelligence experience.  5+ years of data management experience.  5+ years of data modeling experience.  10+ years of technical troubleshooting experience.  5 + years of experience working with vendor software, technologies and tools that are enterprise solutions.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  3+ years of Blue Prism Robotic Process Automation (RPA) development experience.  Experience working with robotic process automation technologies.  Experience with Agile Scrum (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospective meetings) and Kanban.  Ability to articulate a complex problem, design, or build strategy.  5+ years of IT experience in a financial services domain.  Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems.  Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills.  Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important.  Experience with third party process mining solutions.  5+ years of data management experience/ data modelling/ data engineering.  Ability to work nights, weekends, and/ or holidays as needed or scheduled.  Ability to travel up to 5% of the time
 Experience (UX) capabilities.  BS/ MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering - related field.  Experience with Windows UI programming, Visual Studio, C#, WPF, OxyPlot, MVVM, and asynchronous programming is a plus.  Software engineering experience in a C/ C++, Unix environment.  Five or more years of related experience Java programming and Microsoft SQL Server T-SQL skills.  Strong analysis, design and problem-solving skills, along with object-oriented programming experience.  Ability to produce UI mock-up.  Must be able to work independently with only the requirements and development standards provided.  Must be U
 Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Ability to debug, optimize scripts, and automate routine tasks.  Cloud experience: AWS, Rackspace, Azure.  Experience with Terraform, Vault and Jenkins administration.  Experience with Linux operating systems and networking engineering.  Experience with monitoring systems such as DataDog or Nagios.  Ability to define Service Level Indicators (SLIs) and Service Level Objectives (SLOs).  Experience with Continuous Delivery.  Excellent communication skills.  Strong ability to collaborate and cooperate across teams.  Bachelors degree or equivalent level of experience
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Ability to use various software applications including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint to produce training materials.  Must be available for occasional on-call support.  Ability to install and maintain hardware and software associated with this position.  Strong initiative on assignments and ability to exercise independent judgment and professionally executes projects.  Ability to think creatively and multi-task.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Bachelors degree in Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Direct experience in Reverse Engineering tools, both COTS and GOTS.  Demonstrated experience with scripting languages such as Python, Perl, Bash and in low-level programming of device drivers in a Unix, Linux, or Windows environment.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have a minimum of a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering or Mathematics and a minimum of twelve (12) years of software/ system development work experience (Four (4) years of equivalent related military experience may be substituted for Bachelor degree); or a .  Masters of Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or Computer Engineering with a minimum of ten (10) years of experience; and have technical expertise in three (3) or more of the following areas:.  The Senior Embedded Developer shall have at least ten (10) years of work experience in four (4) or more of the following:.  Experience with operating system internals with one or more of the following operating systems: Unix, Linux, VxWorks.  Experience with reverse engineering and analysis of software.  Experience with Ida Pro or Ghidra.  Hands-on experience with integrating hardware and software systems.  Experience with Python or similar scripting languages.  What youll experience:.  Strong leadership and mentorship skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Experience.  Data pipeline design, ETL experience, Azure data factory, Azure streams analytics, Polybase, SQL server DB, Azure Blob Storage, Azure data Lake.  Experience in Big Data processing as well as have Batch real time data ingestion implementation experience.  Candidate must have experience with.  Experience, Kafka.  Experience with at least one programming language experience java, python, C . net , Agile project experience.  Excellent verbal and oral communication Should possess leadership qualities Work with minimum supervision, should be a leader than a follower Culturally sound.  Must have some exposure with Microsoft Event Hub, Kafka, and Talent Must know Data pipeline design, ETL experience, Azure data factory, Azure streams analytics, Polybase, SQL server DB5 7 years of experience Microsoft Microservices, Spring Boot Framework knowledge.  Apigee experience is a must.  Experience with Cloudera platform experience.  Experience with Kafka, Hive, Hadoop 
 Excellent communication (written /  verbal).  Experienced with: Python, Java, R, SQL .  Familiarity with either Fortran-2008, C++, or Matlab.  Expert knowledge of the following machine learning algorithms: Deep Learning Neural Networks, NLU/ NLP, Computer Vision, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and LSTMS.  Strong knowledge of AI Frameworks: Theano, Tensorflow, Keras, H2O.  Experience creating preprocessors and exploratory data analysis
JBS USA is a leading global provider of diversified, high-quality food products, including a portfolio of well-recognized brands and innovative, easy-to-use food solutions.  JBS USA employs more than 100,000 team members, and our corporate office is located in beautiful Greeley, Colorado, where our 1,200 team members onsite enjoy more than 300 days of sunshine a year.  The Center of Innovation & Technology for Excellence (CITE) is seeking a senior data scientist who is passionate about governing the use of emerging technologies that would have an impact on JBSs competitive advantage, especially in the areas of Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), Robotics Process Automation (RPA), Business Intelligence (BI), Virtual & Augmented Reality (VR/ AR), and Blockchain.  Masters degree in Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Business Analytics, Agribusiness, Accounting, Finance, Economics, etc.  or equivalent experience.  Experience in data science with a desired knowledge of SAP, QlikView or Qlik Sense.  Solid technical hands-on skills in machine learning (regression, classification, clustering, dimensionality reduction), deep learning (CNN, RNN/ LSTM, GAN), time series data, anomaly detection, statistical algorithms, data mining, and data engineering.  Strong ability to use logic and excellent problem-solving skills.  Ability to work independently and be flexible.  Ability to thrive in a fast paced, highly dynamic environment.  Demonstrated experience with agile or other rapid development methods.  Experience in agricultural industry data science is a plus
 Experience: .  Masters degree or equivalent in Materials Science, Chemistry, or Physics plus four (4) years of experience as a Senior Reliability Engineer, Scientist, Research Assistant, Intern, or a related occupation.  degree or equivalent plus one (1) year of experience in lieu of a .  Masters degree or equivalent and 4 (four) years of experience.  Experience must include one (1) year of experience with:.  Thin film and device characterization tools including Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), Atomic Force Microscope (AFM), Energy Dispersive X-ray Spectroscopy(EDS), Electron Backscattering Diffraction (EBSD), x-Ray Diffraction (XRD), Ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy (UV-vis), and Ellipsometry;
 We seek an experienced Senior ASIC Design Engineer to be a leading ASIC designer on our team.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:.  Bachelor's degree in an engineering, physical sciences discipline or closely related field of study.  Minimum seven (7) years progressively responsible related work experience.  Familiarity with specificity of ASIC design processes and flows.  Familiarity with CAD/ EDA tools for ASIC design and their interoperability.  Ability to work with group members in a multi-user process and design managed environment, and step up to challenges.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:.  Advanced degree (MSc or PhD) in an engineering, physical sciences discipline or closely related field of study.  Knowledge of readout integrated circuits for radiation sensors, including signal processing, signal filtering, signal conversion, data transmission, high speed electronics,.  Ability to execute analog and/ or digital ASIC design flows for performing design tasks.  Knowledge of front-end and back-end ASIC design elements, such as layout, physical verification, and design verification.  Ability of working with SKILL, Tcl/ Tk, ASSURA and Calibre DRC/ LVS verification decks syntax as well as operating system shell scripting or other scripting languages, such as Pearl, Python,.  The selected candidate will be placed at the appropriate level based on the depth and breadth of relevant engineering knowledge, skills and experience
 Bachelors degree10+ years of public relations experience Technology PR experience.  The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of AI/ ML topics and trends, possesses extensive media relations experience, excellent writing skills, and be adept at translating complex technology concepts into broadly digestible stories.  Extensive experience pitching proactive stories to technology and business publications Current experience managing media relationships and a network of media contacts Understanding of technology, and ability to communicate complex topics effectively
 If you have strong software development skills in C, C++, and Python, experience with debuggers like gdb, Valgrind, windbg, understand network protocols and inter-process communication, and are capable of defining and shepherding the executing of applied research tasks, we would like to explore your interest in joining us on our extraordinary journey.  degree in technical fields of study such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Security, Doctoral degree, .  Masters Degree and 3 or more years of relevant applied experience, or more than 5 years of relevant applied experience.  Prospective team members for this job posting must have skills in:.  Strong written and oral communications skills.  Demonstrated skills in user-space or kernel-space development C, C++, Python software development.  Desired Skills:.  Developing cyber capabilities requires a broad spectrum of experience.  If you do not have experience in these areas, you will be assessed for your ability to develop these skills:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience.  The ideal candidate will bring progressive, product marketing leadership experience.  10+ years experience in product marketing and enabling and launching products in e/ retail, SI and the channel.  Outstanding Marketing Skills ??Superior marketing mind, can see big market opportunities yet able to focus on segments that deliver profitable revenue in a timely manner.  Possess a broad base of knowledge across the entire product market and channels and can use that experience to set goals, integrate across fields, and troubleshoot issues.  Collaboration and Influencing Skills ??Utilizes interpersonal relations, judgment skills, and data to guide senior management and influence outcomes.  Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-CC2 || Tier 5 ||
 The JPO manages the development, test, production, fielding and sustainment of the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter for the USAF, USMC, USN, and International Partner and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customer nations worldwide.  We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer experienced in building production ready data processing and machine learning pipelines.  Successful candidates will have a proven track record in all stages of the product development life cycle, from requirements definition through system design, development and deployment.  Candidates should have strong software architecture and development skills, with some experience in machine learning to join our team.  Must be a US Citizen to be eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance.  Over 3 years of experience in full stack software development.  At least 2 years of software engineering leadership experience.  Experience developing machine learning algorithms in Python or Java.  Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Jenkins and Docker.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong team player who can effectively contribute to project development.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related discipline from an accredited university.  Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, CUDA, OpenCV.  Experience with JakartaEE, Wildfly/ Thorntail, Flask/ Bottle, Angular.  Experience with Hadoop/ Spark, Accumulo, MongoDB, Postgres.  Experience with DoD or Intelligence Community (IC) programs
 We're looking for someone who has a proven track record selling to and/ or consulting with C level executives at Fortune 1,000 companies, and can excel in a start-up fast paced environment.  8+ years in enterprise sales - start-up or early stage company experience is preferred.  Has an exceptionally strong track record in advanced enterprise sales with proven over-performance.  Experience with corporate training products/ services a plus.  To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
 Strong collaboration and communication skills and ability to work within cross functional teams.  Strong economic thinking skills and business acumen.  Bachelor's Degree.  Proven professional experience with object oriented programming in a technology focused role (including but not limited to IT Roles such as: Software Developer, Data Engineer, DevOps/ Cloud Engineer, Data Scientist).  5+ years professional coding experience.  5+ years experience building Data Integrations and/ or Machine Learning models for analytics.  Bachelor's Degree with an Engineering or Technology focus.  Experience transforming datasets using Python Architecture skills including designing data pipelines, ETL workflows and integrations.  Experience working with SQL and database programming.  Experience working or leading Agile Product Development Teams.  Experience with cloud platforms like AWS/ GCP/ Azure.  Salary and benefits commensurate with experience
 We have a proven product, brand-name customers, significant revenue and growth, and are backed by leading investors.  We want a person who wants to share their experiences, best practices and knowledge to elevate the team as a whole.  Excellent data science skills -hands on knowledge of new data science technologies.  Masters/ PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Physical Sciences, Operations Research or another similar quantitative field.  A minimum of three years of successful technical team management experience.  Deep experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data.  Strong knowledge in the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, operations research, natural language processing, and/ or predictive modeling.  Python experience is required, Bash scripting big plus.  Familiarity with data science technologies, such as TensorFlow, Git, Snowflake, AWS, Hadoop, NumPy, SQL, Elasticsearch, Docker, Kubernetes.  Basic understanding of software engineering and familiarity with SDLC, Agile, and issue tracking
 Expert Systems Engineer in leading the charge by taking a multi-discipline approach to resiliency requirements engineering, developing resiliency solutions engineering, scheduling, reliability, services development, integration, resiliency test and evaluation, maintainability and analysis across the National System of Geospatial-intelligence (NSG), Allied System of Geospatial-intelligence (ASG) and Federal Agencies to ensure GEOINT resiliency needs.  Masters degree in Systems Engineering or in related technical or scientific fields such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, engineering management, Computer Resources Information Management, Information Systems, or related STEM degree program.  Expert level working experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/ IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, NGA Production and Dissemination, IC TCPED or system engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture/ Cloud environments.  Experience working agency level Resiliency activities.  Experience with and strong understanding of systems engineering lifecycle.  Extensive work experience in the field of geospatial intelligence.  Experience engineering solutions using Cloud-based technologies.  Experience architecting solutions using Automation, Artificial Intelligence, and Augmentation technologies
 You would use your technical judgment, experience and knowledge to build out the vision, execution strategy, architecture, and lead teams from concept to deployment and support.  15+ years of software development experience building customer facing products and services.  Must have 6+ years of experience leading full-stack engineering teams building services, data systems, APIs and web applications.  Must have experience designing and delivering distributed, highly available, large scale, high performing multi-tenant enterprise SaaS applications.  Must have experience of delivery in rapidly changing, highly collaborative, multi-site, multi-stakeholder environments.  Must have experience delivering and operating revenue generating products in a public cloud (GCP preferred).  Experience and skills in establishing and improving metrics-based processes.  Excellent communications, organization, and time management skills.  BS/ MS in Computer Science/ Engineering or related discipline, and 8+ years of people management experience
  Bachelor's degree.   Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.   Leadership experience in two or more Information Technology, Engineering or Business functional areas.  Excellent leadership communication and executive presence.  Strong business acumen and ability to translate new technology into business value
 Bachelors degree in a related specialized area; or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Bachelors degree in a related specialized area or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Experience in customer support.  Ability to understand and communicate technical issues.  Ability to work with challenging customers and achieve results.  Ability to work under pressure.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Experience supporting proposal activities.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field,.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred),.  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  Are self-directed and can prioritise experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer,
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Financial, or Business Fields.  5+ years financial analyst /  sales operations experience.  5+ Years project leadership and cross functional experience.  Strong mathematical skills.  In depth familiarity with Excel.  Ability to meet deadlines.  Ability to interact well with technical and non-technical people and serve as a bridge to translate complex requirements and concepts.  Experience working with and influencing cross-functional teams without formal authority.  Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects in a changing and fast paced environment.  Excellent facilitation, interviewing, and presentation skills.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Experience:.  Strong technical background with experience in communications, telephony, hosted-solutions, or contact center related fields.  Experience.  Experience.  Database administration experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Desired skills and experience.  Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Management or any related field, preferred.  Minimum of 4 years experience processing U.  Experience with Workday or other large ERPs.  Experience utilizing SAP.  Ability to deal with difficult situations involving sensitive and confidential associate issues.  Ability to communicate effectively with all levels within the organization.  Hands-on experience with multiple Payroll/ HCM software, preferred.  Experience with Ultimate Software, UltiPro, a plus.  HRIS implementation experience a plus
 Bachelors Degree in Business Information Systems, Marketing, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  15 + years sales experience.  Previous experience selling multimillion-dollar software deals.  Previous experience in telecom, call center, software or hardware industries.  Experience:.  Sales Engineering experience.  Telecomm sales experience.  SaaS experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation
 Excellent communication (written /  verbal).  Experienced with: Python, Java, R, SQL .  Familiarity with either Fortran-2008, C++, or Matlab.  Expert knowledge of the following machine learning algorithms: Deep Learning Neural Networks, NLU/ NLP, Computer Vision, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and LSTMS.  Strong knowledge of AI Frameworks: Theano, Tensorflow, Keras, H2O.  Experience creating preprocessors and exploratory data analysis
 Minimum years of relevant experience: 3.  Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as:.  Statistical analysis, predictive modelling, simulation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques Analytics for business, operations, human capital, or financial management Analyzing large and complex data sets, with strong aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis Advanced proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS Visualization skills such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny.  Skills and/ or proven success in the following: Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building strong, collaborative relationships with team members Leading small teams, coaching and collaborating with colleagues, providing feedback and guidance on work performance Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor Communicating effectively to various audiences, including various levels of management and external clients, in a professional environment Business development including RFP/ RFQ responses, developing white papers/ concept papers, and building and demonstrating prototype solutions to customers.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.  Skills Development & Certifications
 We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer experienced in building production ready data processing and machine learning pipelines.  Successful candidates will have a proven track record in all stages of the product development life cycle, from requirements definition through system design, development and deployment.  Candidates should have strong software architecture and development skills, with some experience in machine learning to join our team.  Must be a US Citizen to be eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance.  Over 3 years of experience in full stack software development.  At least 2 years of software engineering leadership experience.  Experience developing machine learning algorithms in Python or Java.  Familiarity with DevOps tools such as Jenkins and Docker.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong team player who can effectively contribute to project development.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related discipline from an accredited university.  Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch, scikit-learn, CUDA, OpenCV.  Experience with JakartaEE, Wildfly/ Thorntail, Flask/ Bottle, Angular.  Experience with Hadoop/ Spark, Accumulo, MongoDB, Postgres.  Experience with DoD or Intelligence Community (IC) programs
 Bachelor's Degree in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) discipline from an accredited university and 9 years of STEM related engineering experience, or a Master's Degree in a STEM discipline and 7 years of experience, or 4 years of experience with a PhD.  Proven experience conducting research in and developing artificial intelligence (AI) and/ or machine learning (ML) software (demonstrated by Kaggle, competitions, open source contributions, academic papers, etc).  Experience using DevOps Tools like Docker/ Kubernetes.  Familiarity with state of art data cleansing, model training and generation using one or more of the following: RF, IR, hyperspectral sensor modalities.  Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deploy machine learning algorithms to prototype testing and production.  Government DoD Top Secret Clearance with experience working on Special Access Programs
A MS in CS focused on Machine Learning, Statistics, Operational research or in a highly quantitative field5+ years of hands-on experience in big data, machine learning and predictive modeling5+ year people management and cross department functional experience.  Knowledge of a statistical analysis package such as R, Tableau, and high-level programming language (E.  Strongly motivated by entrepreneurial projects and experienced in collaboratively working with a diverse team of engineers, analysts, and business management in achieving superior bottom line results.  Strong communication and data presentation skills.  Strong ability in problem solving and driving for results.  Deliver key goals to enhance advertiser experience and deliver 2-3x improvements to campaign performance Use deep learning and statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions for conversion prediction Drive core business analytics and data science explorations to inform key business decisions and algorithm roadmap Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data ingestion, transformation, experimentation, and production Hire and develop top talent in machine learning, data science, and software engineering and accelerate the pace of innovation in the group Build a culture of innovation and long-term thinking, and showcase this via peer-reviewed publications and whitepapers.  Technical leader with 12+ years of exceptional, hands-on experience in machine learning in e-commerce, fraud/ risk assessment, or an enterprise software company building and providing analytics or risk management services and software.  degree in in Statistics, CS, Machine Learning, Operations Research or in a highly quantitative field.  Knowledge of distributed computing and experience with advanced machine learning libraries like Spark MLLib, Tensorflow, MxNet, etc.  Strong publication record in international conferences on machine learning and artificial intelligence.  Experience working with advertising, retail, or e-commerce data
 The Embedded Engineer (EE) understands and may have prior analyst experience with algorithms and tools for Natural Language Process (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML) and assists the government intelligence analyst to use large data sets to perform entity resolution and extraction for intelligence work products.  Ability to use advanced software programs (tools), algorithms, query techniques, modeling complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate data sets.  Ability to design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.  Ability to interpret and communicate work-related findings and recommendations.  Ability to understand requirements of government intelligence analysts.  Ability to collaborate with government intelligence analysts, Data Scientists, Data Administrators, and Data Engineers, SW engineers, and SW developers to satisfy government intelligence requirements needed by intelligence analysts.  The candidate must have a Bachelor's degree with 8-10 years of experience; or a Master's degree with 6-10 years of experience.  Years of experience may be used in lieu of degree.  Prior analyst experience with algorithms and tools for Natural Language Process (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML)P
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?ì¬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  Experience Required: Qualifications:.  10+ years of experience in product, corporate strategy or technical marketing, partner channel development, business development in the IT industry.  BA/ BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills.  Proven track record and experience in technical sales and programs strategy and execution.  Proven management experience in leading, developing and motivating team members
 Validate findings with the business by sharing analysis outputs in a way that can be understood by business stakeholders.  Develop key predictive models that lead to delivering a premier customer experience, operating performance improvement, and increased safety best practices.  Bachelors degree in a Quantitative discipline.  Experience: Between 5-8 years of relevant experience developing hypotheses, applying machine learning algorithms, validating results to analyze multi-terabyte datasets and extracting actionable insights is required.  Previous research or professional experience applying advanced analytic techniques to large, complex datasets.  Strong knowledge in at least two of the following areas: machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistical modeling, data mining, information retrieval, or data visualization.  Proven experience in developing and deploying predictive analytics projects using one or more leading languages (Python, R, Scala, etc.  Experience working within an open source environment and Unix-based OS.  Communication Skills: .  Ability to translate data analysis and findings into coherent conclusions and actionable recommendations to business partners, practice leaders, and executives.  Strong oral and written communication skills.  Masters, or PhD in a Quantitative discipline.  Experience: Prior exposure to data structures pertaining to smart-meters, billing, or outage management systems.  Expert level coding skills (Python, R, Scala, SQL, etc), and experience developing in a Unix environment.  Proficiency in database management and large datasets: create, edit, update, join, append and query data from columnar and big data platforms.  Communication Skills: .  Ability to translate executive and analytics leaders vision and guidance into methods and analytics.  Strong time management and presentation skills
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?ì¬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  Experiences.  6+ years of work experience in data analysis, database management, reporting and analysis, or other related field.  Excellent SQL knowledge, Power BI.  Understanding of Partner Network and MS Sales a plus.  Ability to quickly grasp complex data models, understand, and communicate how they impact the business/ marketing.  Must be highly experienced and comfortable working in Excel, including PivotTables and Excel data models, DAX a plus!.  BA/ BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success
 Experience in a mix of investor relations, investment banking, private equity/ venture capital, consulting, transaction services, and/ or corporate development, with ability to demonstrate exceptional strategic thinking.  Mastery of PowerPoint and Excel including the ability to create PPT templates, external presentations, and complex 3-statement financial models while being able to navigate both systems via shortcut keys.  Ability to effectively build relationships with internal and external partners.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to analyze the audience and develop the appropriate message.  Strong analytical skills with extensive valuation/ financial modeling experience.  Strong attention to detail.  Visteon is driving the smart, learning, digital cockpit of the future, to improve safety and the user experience
 The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to make a difference in the government space? Do you enjoy being both a project manager and a technical enthusiast at heart? What if you could find a position that is tailor-made for your mix of development, engineering, and communication skills? That's why we need you, a proven leader, to help us shorten the time it takes to get critical tools developed and into the hands of warfighters who need them and to quickly provide assistance and aid to the people who need it.  Strong customer intimacy skills.  Knowledge of current IT solutions such as AWS, Google, Containerization, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, etc.  Knowledge of infrastructure configuration practices and software engineering best practices.  Knowledge or experience in implementing DevOps.  SAFe or Agile experience/ certification.  Expert representational, oral, and written communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, logical, and concise products;.  Prefer 12+ years with BS/ BA or equivalent with at least 4 years of management-level responsibility.  Systems Engineering experience on large complex systems.  Acquisition experience on small to large systems.  Understanding and experience implementing a CI/ CD pipeline
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?ì¬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  We are seeking an individual with thought leadership, outstanding organizational skills and agility, excellent communication skills (verbal and written), strong problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex projects, the ability to partner effectively with senior management in critical decision making and the proven capability to work on several diverse projects at the same time.  We are seeking an individual with thought leadership, outstanding organizational skills and agility, excellent communication skills (verbal and written), strong problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex projects, the ability to partner effectively with senior management in critical decision making and the proven capability to work on several diverse projects at the same time.  Experience Required: Qualifications:.  10+ years of experience in product, corporate strategy or technical marketing, partner channel development, business development in the IT industry.  BA/ BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills.  Proven track record and experience in technical sales and programs strategy and execution.  Proven management experience in leading, developing and motivating team members
 Required Skills & .  Experience.  4+ years of Software Engineering experience, preferably Data Engineering.  BS in computer science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience building End-to-End production data pipelines to support product use-cases.  Experience with.  Desired Skills & .  Experience.  Hands-on experience working with DevOps, CI/ CD.  Prior experience at a start-up.  Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 Strong object-oriented programming background, Java strongly preferred.  Experience of developing large scale cloud infrastructure applications.  Knowledge of various technologies (Kubernetes, Kafka).  Experience with Containers (Docker, Kubernetes) Web Services (SOAP/ REST) and Scalable Storage(HDFS/ Ceph).  Experience with Relational Databases such as MySQL, NoSQL DBs such as Elastic Search, MongoDB, HBase.  Ability to collaborate across multiple team and across people working in different time zones.  BS/ MS in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.  6+ years of industry experience.  Experience in design, implementation and deployment of major infrastructure features across multiple servers in incremental rollout mode.  Experience with Machine Learning and Data Analytics and application of them in Infrastructure.  Ability to design simple systems that can work well with minimal operational support
 Using the most advanced GPUs and software, GeForce NOW transforms the gaming experience with always up-to-date games on always the latest hardware, a streaming experience rivaling that of a local PC, and near-instant launch ??just click and play! For more details see https:/ / www.  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent program from an accredited University/ College.  5+ years of hands on software engineering or equivalent experience;.  Extensive experience with Java and Spring Boot building RESTful web services.  Exposure with Redis or Memcached.  Familiarity with NoSQL DBs such as Cassandra.  Experience with Infrastructure as Code.  Exposure to AWS (Fargate, EC2, IAM, ECR, EKS, Route53 etc.  Excellent interpersonal and written communication skills required.  Prior experience with Go Lang.  Experience with load testing frameworks.  Experience with secrets management
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in electrical engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree.  Proven knowledge of electrical engineering processes and design tools.  Ability to think creatively.  Ability to multi-task.  Ability to recognize and clearly report information relevant to sound electrical engineering design.  Understands and applies basic project management principles including IMS, earned value and score cards.  Ability to stay ahead of technology trends.  Ability to work well in a team environment.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 You will provide senior development experience for the product team, working closely with internal stakeholders and end users to design and implement this solution using the latest microservice technologies.  As a team member, you will: Influence design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacks Work on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environment Build and deploy K8s containers and integrating with emulated hardware systems Deliver high quality product features exceeding client expectations Work within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environment Find comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing team Minimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience7+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to assist and mentor junior developers.  Experience building and deploying Kubernetes configurations CI/ CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with understanding of Automated Test Software development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/ C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: web application development, Unix/ Linux environments, distributed and parallel systems, information retrieval, networking, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 3+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/ CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies3+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service-oriented architecture experience3+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/ or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging Services Delivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate Scale Solving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectively Job Type: Full-timePay: $120,000.  Experience: relevant: 7 years (Preferred)Education: Bachelor's 
 Required Skills & .  Experience.  4+ years of Software Engineering experience, preferably Data Engineering.  BS in computer science or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience building End-to-End production data pipelines to support product use-cases.  Experience with.  Desired Skills & .  Experience.  Hands-on experience working with DevOps, CI/ CD.  Prior experience at a start-up.  Experienced leadership with a great track record of growing startups.  We celebrate people of diverse backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives
 As an engineer and technologist in image processing, machine learning, and/ or computer vision with our team, you will be working with our clients to design, create, evaluate, and maintain solutions using your experience and expertise in image processing, machine learning, computer vision and data science.  BA/ BS in a technology, engineering, computer science or related discipline.  At least 5 years of hands-on experience in one or more of the fields of image processing, machine learning, computer vision, and data science.  Hands-on experience of a broad ranges of technology systems and ability to work with:.  Experience conducting (and/ or leading) research and development of SIGINT, RF and advanced Image Processing systems.  Experience with developing alternate concepts of operation to improve image quality, including automated image quality assessment, image enhancement, device calibration.  Ability to develop software algorithms to assess and improve image quality.  A strong desire to work in an agile and cross functional team environment, understand team goals and generate appropriate, innovative analytical insights to drive process and experience improvement.  Advanced degree with a MS/ PhD specializing in data science, computer vision, machine learning, and artificial intelligence.  Experience working with DOD and IC clients, operational components, and stakeholders
 Experience and coursework that support a fundamental understanding of electromagnetics.  Strong foundation and experience in programming using one or more of the following: FORTRAN, LabView, C++ or Python The ability to carry out analysis of systems, particularly radar and communication systems.  Experience with modeling and predicting performance of RF windows.  Experience with programming of motion control systems and /  or microwave test equipment.  Experience with development and executing electromagnetic solvers An understanding of statistical methods in process control.  Experience acting as Principal Investigator for Independent Research and Development (IRAD) projects.  Ability to fulfill the technical lead position of customer-funded radome programs Preferred DEGREE TYPES AND EXPERIENCE: .  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering from an ABET accredited program with emphasis on electromagnetics.  Master's Degree is preferred. Design or test experience with antennas and/ or radomes
 Develop meaningful relationships with partners throughout the studio organization to identify new opportunities for the team, both in addressing partners different pain points and proposing machine-learning-aided innovations to player experience.  Research and build impactful data products that improve player experiences, driving them from conception, to experimentation, to productionization in-game.  A PhD/ MS in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Physics or related quantitative field 4+ years of experience applying data science/ machine learning/ deep learning methodologies to real-world problems .  Expertise in analyzing extremely large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of tools, including Python, SQL, and Spark.  Experience with big data technologies, distributed data query and computing engine.  Familiarity with at least one scripting language: R, Python, or Scala .  Experience deploying machine learning systems using AWS, GCP, Virtual Machines, or Docker.  Experience developing customizable, modular, and scalable deep learning algorithms in Keras/ Pytorch/ Tensorflow Research and design creative approaches to ambiguous problems, aiding in the implementation and scaling of these cutting edge systems Good tracking record on collaborating with business and engineering team on long-term projects, pushing excellence in the rest of the data science organization Have good understandings of statistical theory, distributions, experimental design, multivariable calculus, linear algebra, and how computational algorithms work.  Skills required:
 Must be a US Citizen.  Must be able to lead all stages of a project's lifecycle, including the creation and monitoring of schedules, requirements documentation, systems design and specifications, and project status reporting.  Familiarity with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) for DoD information assurance systems accreditation.  Experience and Skills Requirements.  Bachelors degree in engineering from an Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology (ABET) accredited college or university and 8 years of related experience is required.  Experience in system development, improvements, optimization, or support efforts is required.  Experience in risk assessments and analysis of system implementation is required.  Experience with integrating and configuration of systems is required.  Proven experience with software development and/ or development of artificial intelligence/ machine learning software is highly desired.  Experience in providing technical project management of complex, integrated systems with little or no oversight is required.  Demonstrated experience in oversee development of new AI/ ML capabilities and if needed, support efforts by developing, testing and/ or deploying software is highly desired.  We are an organization that offers both our employees and clients an exceptional experience; our culture will be contagious, while always maintaining a genuine reputation
Qualifications MSEE in electrical engineering or equivalent with a focus on power conversion. 10+ years' experience in the design of power solutions for computer systems or mobile electronics, power delivery networks. Hands-on experience in designing power management circuits such as buck, boost, and LDO regulators.  Strong knowledge in electrical design flow and CAD tools.  Strong understanding of the physical layout requirement and ability to perform the critical layouts.  Experience with power components, power modeling, power trees, power distribution network and design.  Experience in system on chip (SoC) and PMIC interactions, PMIC architecture, switched-mode power supply (SMPS), low dropout regulators (LDO) and Integrated regulators.  Experience with voltage positioning, load line and voltage sense regulator topologies.  Knowledge of spice analysis, spice and PCB models, and heat transfer analysis.  Experience: power components, power modeling, power trees, power distrib: 10 years (Preferred)Lab testing skills to evaluate prototypes to design spec: 10 years (Preferred)Education: Masterâ€™s 
 Bachelors degree in a related specialized area; or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Bachelors degree in a related specialized area or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Experience in customer support.  Ability to understand and communicate technical issues.  Ability to work with challenging customers and achieve results.  Ability to work under pressure.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  Experience supporting proposal activities.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field,.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred),.  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  Are self-directed and can prioritise experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer,
*Command, Control, and Security Chief Engineer*COMPANY OVERVIEW:(GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  If who we are and what we do resonates with you, we invite you to join our high performance team! BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: The Chief Engineer requires a Bachelor's degree in Systems, Computer Science or related technical field or the equivalent and at least 15 years of related leadership experience.  Applicants with a Master's degree and a minimum of 13 years of related leadership experience are also eligible. (GDMS), a market leader and technology innovator, is seeking talented professionals to deliver cutting edge solutions to our Navy customers. GDMS has an immediate opening for a Chief Engineer in the command, control, and security business to join our team based in Pittsfield MA. As aspiring leaders, (GDMS) believes there are several enabling behaviors that will influence your success.  These behaviors are: Develop yourself Develop others Be a team player Communicate effectively Develop and sustain the relationships you need to be successful Shape culture and positively impact the morale, motivation, and engagement of those around you Operate at the right level and deliver on your commitments Think and act strategically Confront reality Take reasonable, managed risks Duties will include but are not limited to: Develop effective and affordable technical operational concepts, architecture, solutions, products, and approaches Ensure appropriate rigor in our solutions by employing a questioning attitude and engaging subject matter experts as appropriate Support business growth & strategy development and translate to engineering plans and requirements Develop and oversee technology roadmaps in support of GDMS long-range strategic plans, IRAD investments, and ensure alignment with customers strategic objectives Lead resolution of technical issues & risks on critical and high profile activities Maintain excellent customer interaction by presenting technically sound solutions, solicited and unsolicited ideas for system enhancements, and ensuring operational perspective is captured in solutions Working with the customer leadership and Program Director, ensure long-term program sustainability by leading a transition to a principle-based, rather than rules-based, acquisition strategy Mentor senior level and junior engineers to grow key skills required by the business; identify and cultivate high-potential individuals Develop /  deliver technical leadership in the marketplace via the development of relationships with major program offices and through the promotion of our capabilities at conferences Support Engineering Objectives through ensuring high quality, mission capable products delivered on time and on budget Drive a culture of innovation and operational improvements Preferred EXPERIENCE:Candidates are required to have demonstrated tremendous leadership and communication skills Candidates are required to have demonstrated team building and motivation skills Candidates are required to have demonstrated success on significant programs as engineering lead / chief engineer, and/ or as a program manager with excellent technical and people leadership strengths, with proven business experience in the design, integration and production of high reliability, high assurance systems Candidates need to have the balanced technical and programmatic background to be a decision maker on program technical issues, understand the business aspects and have the ability to be a strategic /  competitive thinker exhibiting an exceptional degree of ingenuity, creativity, and resourcefulness The candidate should be capable of demonstrating entrepreneurial thinking in support of developing innovative solutions and applications that can translate theory to real world solutions that enable new missions for current and future customers.  Experience: Successful track record as a Engineering Lead /  Chief engineer: 3 years (Required)Department of Defense Secret Security Clearance.  Expertise in Data Management, Networking, Cybersecurity,: 1 year (Required).  Expertise in Command, Control, and Security Business: 3 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's (Required)Application Question:1.  Briefly explain your experience in each of the following: Networking, Sensors, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence
 Experience: Direct Hire.  Experience /  Artificial Intelligence / 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to work extra hours if needed.  Ability to quickly learn new technologies.  Strong communication skills Previous experience with US Based Senior Leadership Education: .  Bachelors Degree or similar experience5 + years of Database Administration experience in SQL Server, MySQL, Mongo or PostgreSQL5 + .  Experience with Windows Server environments, including 2008, 2012 and 20163 + .  Experience with Linux and troubleshooting Skills.  Experience with Database High Availability Technologies, Powershell or Scripting languages.  Strong documentation, oral and written communication skills
 If you are a thoughtful collaborator, with a deep understanding of?ë´žnd appreciation for?ë´¯layer experiences across a variety of game genres and audiences, wed love to talk with you.  Help develop and deploy the shared Unity development API and toolset that grounds all HBS products.  You are experienced in interpreting and implementing behavior trees and finite state machines.  Experience developing tools and making them easy to use.  What to Expect at HBS.  All HBS Employees.  Working at HBS Means.  HBS Benefits.  You should apply to work at HBS if you want to.  Make amazing game experiences with co-workers who are just as passionate about their craft as you are
 We are currently seeking an experienced software engineer with robust C/ C++ skills, and knowledge of Deep Learning and Computer Vision fundamentals to contribute to the development of NVIDIA's core Computer Vision software, a comprehensive set of libraries that enables speed of light delivery of Computer Vision application to market.  PhD/ MS in Computer Science or a closely related engineering field or equivalent experience.  8+ years of relevant experience in Computer Vision.  Strong background in software development in C/ C++.  Hands on experience with good software building practices.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills
4+ years of professional software development experience3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems.  Experience with designing highly scalable distributed systems.  Ability to design and code algorithms in complex distributed systems Mentor and lead technical teams on software best practices.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Lex, Polly, Lambda, S3, and Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free and natural customer experience.  You will demonstrate your deep Computer Science knowledge and experience at building highly-distributed, low-latency ML systems using technology such as AWS Sagemaker, Elastic Container Service, etc.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced people to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  MS or PhD in Computer Science.  Experience with distributed computation frameworks such as Elastic Map Reduce and Apache Spark.  Experience with building ML systems that utilize technologies such as AWS Sagemaker, Tensorflow, etc
 Ability to conduct research of data auditing solutions.  Required Skills:.  A minimum of a bachelors degree in Computer Science or related degree field.  Experience leading, managing, and mentoring a team of cybersecurity specialists and penetration testers.  Experience with Mobile Application Management.  Experience with OS Deployment & Management.  Experience with Web Development (Server, Client).  Experience with SQL and Non-SQL Databases.  Desired Skills.  Experience with Unmanned Aerial Systems/ Remote Piloted Vehicles (UAS/ RPV).  Experience with electronics, computer architecture (on a processor level ((assembly language) (memory allocation/ addressing)), IT security, protocol analysis, System on a Chip (SoC), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Neural Networks.  Experience with tools/ skill sets to include: Kali Linux, Ettercap, Man-in-the-Middle attacks, IDA/ IDA Pro, Ollydbg, Ghidra, Protocol Analyzers (Beagle), Aircrack-NG and Recon-NG, Software Defined Radios (RTL-SDR, HackRF or the like), Wifite, Metasploit Framework, Harvester, Google Hacking/ Dorking, Shodan, OSRFramework, HTTRack, Python, C/ C++, Assembly Language, signals analysis/ capture, RFID analysis, Near field communication (NFC) analysis, Reverse Engineering, Malware Forensics
PhD degree with 4 years of applied research experience or a .  Masters degree and 6+ years of experience of applied research experience3+ years of experience of building machine learning models for business application.  Experience programming in Java, C++, Python or related language3+ years industry experience with a deep understanding of applying Machine Learning techniques to solve business problems Creating machine learning models Master's degree in Computer Science or related field Hands-on experiences in speech, speaker recognition or image recognition, natural language understanding and machine learning.  Experience with programming languages such as C/ C++, Java, Perl or Python.  You will write production-ready code for applying Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML), in order to reduce users cognitive load, reduce friction in their day-to-day activities and finally, inspire our customers by enabling serendipitous discovery of experience.  Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, or Mathematics Deep Learning or ASR experience A track record of thought leadership and contributions that have advanced the field Working knowledge of an OO language like Java, C/ C++, Python.  Ability to communicate complex technical concepts and solutions to all levels of the organization Desire, ability and experience mentoring engineers and managers on data modeling concepts Write very high quality code that is robust and easy to maintain.  Strong knowledge of data structures, algorithms, OS and distributed systems.  Strong communication and data presentation skills PhD with specialization in speech recognition, image recognition, natural language processing, or machine learning.  Strong publication record
 Minimum 5 years of HR experience as HR Generalist or HRBP is preferred; .  Bachelors degree ; HR Certification preferred; or combination of experience.  Excellent judgement, critical thinking, and analytical skills with an ability to identify problems, collect data, and make appropriate recommendations.  Excellent organizational skills with an ability to manage competing priorities
7+ years of enterprise IT experience, including database systems, tiered storage architectures, server, and desktop virtualization, data center operations, network security, etc. 5+ years of technical knowledge of Telecom industry applications, platforms, and data ecosystem5+ years management of technical customer-facing resources Technical degree required (or equivalent work experience); Computer Science or Math background highly desired.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for a passionate, talented, and experienced Product Manager to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud. Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively. 8+ years of experience working on successful technology products from ideation through launch.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technologies.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively Understand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision Deep understanding of mobile architecture, instrumentation, WebRTC technology, Codec and VDI design Comprehensive understanding of networking and dependencies for real time media applications.  Experience in building cloud based service architectures for voice/ video applications.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners You possess best-in-the-industry expertise you can lend to the broader team in the form of technical guidance on several of these areas: Scalable, global backend service technology Web and desktop app frontend architecture with modern frameworks Big data analysis and analytics Real-time media (audio and video) technology
 Project experience with different building automation systems and programming building control sequences.  Experience with grid-responsive strategies like demand response, microgrids, or distributed energy resources.  Strong understanding of building energy systems and control theory.  Ability to manage complex projects.  Experience developing or deploying energy information systems (e.  Knowledge of different IT/ OT architectures, Internet of Things (IoT) protocols, and open communication protocols (e.  Experience with cybersecurity considerations of control systems.  Experience programming or scripting in a language such as Python or R; tool development.  Experience with protocols like OpenADR, DNP3, and VOLTTRON.  Experience with artificial intelligence or machine learning functionality.  Experience.  Experience in related work.  Ability to Make an Impact: Inspired to perform well by the ability to contribute to the success of a project or the organization
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  We need a diverse group of people with different experience levels to support the transformation, enrichment and continued availability of assets to business and technical application teams across the enterprise.  10+ years of application development and implementation experience.  5+ years of SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) experience.  5+ years of experience in software delivery in a large matrixed organization or on a complex system such as AKA, Development, DEVOPS, or QA.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  5+ years of UNIX experience.  5+ years of web applications experience.  Ability to deliver cutting edge solutions and supporting infrastructure (Kubernetes, Docker, Grafana, ELK Stack, AI/ ML, NLP, Puppet, Chef, GitHub).  Strong hands on experience scripting experience (Ansible, ReactJS, NodeJS, Bash, Korn).  Strong development and application creation experience (Java, Python, C, C++, C#).  Strong working knowledge of QA processes and plans.  Ability to develop customized knowledge management solution and associated technical documentation.  Expert knowledge and experience with SharePoint, Visio and other MS Office products.  Experience with SQL, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) as well as other languages as required.  Experience writing technical documentation and training guides.  Experience with complete application development life-cycle including requirements gathering, analysis and design, coding, testing and deployment.  Ability to travel up to 10% of the time
 The ideal candidate has a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or a related area; at least five years of best practice coding experience that includes experience with Windows Business Application; and strong skills in front and/ or back-end engineering using C/ C++,C#/ .  Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or related area required; Bachelor of Computer Science (or a related field) from a four-year college or university preferred.  At least five years of experience hand-coding following standards and best practices for scalability, accessibility, and usability.  Experience with Windows Business Application.  Experience with Visual Studios 2010 and newer is a plus.  Experience with Artificial Intelligence/ Data Mining a plus.  Strong interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills are required.  Strong technical writing and documentation skills required.  Strong analytical skills and the ability to think outside the box.  Strong planning and coordination skills.  Strong personal computer literacy is required, including proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, the internet, and other appropriate software
 Must be able to demonstrate working in an operational environment where priorities change frequently.  Must be able to demonstrate expertise in information system design, including application programming on large-scale database management services and the development of complex software to satisfy design objectives.  Must be able to demonstrate experience in building and training models in advance Artificial Intelligence (AI) architectures, such as recurrent neural network (RNN) and transformer based.  Must be able to demonstrate experience in the state of the art NLP research and development.  Expert in the architecture, design and delivery of complex AI/ ML solutions to solve business and customer issues.  Experience.  4 years of relevant experience in application programming.  15+ years total experience preferred.  Advance degree in NLP or related discipline, such as computational linguistics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence.  MS or Ph.  Ability to conduct evaluation of third and fourth generation or current state of the art computer hardware and software and its ability to support specific requirements, interfacing with other equipment and systems.  Must be able to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing.  Must be able to interface with individuals at all levels of the organization.  Must be able to obtain unescorted access to work areas
 Delivers consulting projects from the proposal stage through invoicing with support from the managers and staff Conducts assignments in the relevant field of practice, and ensures client satisfaction Develops working relationships with client contacts, building and growing lasting client relationships Ensures on-time and on-budget project delivery with a high-level of quality Supports RFP responses or proposals, building market eminence and pursuing new client opportunities Builds strong internal relationships with BDO and with other services across the Firm Acts with professionalism and integrity when working with confidential and sensitive information Shares knowledge and experience with peers and less experienced staff Maintain a proactive and logical approach to information gathering, combining complex ideas and present information clearly and effectively.  Experience:.  Eight (8) or more years of experience in client-facing consulting, offering data analytics and automation services, required Data warehousing/ business intelligence experience, preferred UiPath experience, preferred.  Experience in maintaining client relationships, preferred.  Experience in the following areas, preferred:.  License/ Certifications:.  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with .  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Strong project management and client relationship management skills.  Ability to work with a high degree of professionalism and autonomy.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills Solid organizational skills, especially the ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment, and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the Firm.  Ability to encourage a team environment on engagements, and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnel Executive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions.  Strong background with deploying and maintaining RedHat Linux/ CentOS Client/ Server environments.  Experience with implementing Linux security controls to maintain system compliance.  Experience with deploying and maintaining Windows Client/ Server environment.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 High School diploma or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  Experience with Wave Solder operations.  Experience with Fugi Surface Mount equipment.  Company Overview: General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline.  20+ years of experience in directing program activities to meet client and organization work objectives and have served clients to coordinate activities, negotiate tasks, and solve problems.  5+ years of experience with Cloud Technologies, and migrating applications to the cloud.  Experience on premise and Cloud, Automation, Containerization, Kubernetes.  Experience in the development, drafting, and writing of Technical and Program Management solutions in responses to competitive Government Requests for Proposal.  Experience supervising technical and administrative staff.  In-depth knowledge and experience in applying service delivery business models and technologies to deliver successful outcomes that support and enhance customer mission capabilities.  Firm knowledge across and experience in several of the following areas: Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Managed Services, Cybersecurity, Software Application Development, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Data Science.  Knowledgeable and experienced in application and best practices of ITIL Framework.  Ability to acquire & subsequently maintain relevant domain accreditations in at least two of the following Cloud Platforms: AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google.  Ability to work collaboratively in a dynamic, unstructured environment.  Experience designing and delivering solutions, preferably in a Defense or National Intelligence agency.  Experience working in a P&L capacity and understanding the balance of delivering solutions that meet business oriented objectives
 Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related field and 10-15 years of experience in medical device industry is required.  Hands-on experience developing regulatory processes, procedures and strategies, in accordance with FDA, EU/ ISO, Canadian, Asia-Pacific and Latin American regulations.  Direct experience with medical devices incorporating artificial intelligence
 12+ years of business and technology experience.  5+ years of experience working closely with external technology vendors in the data, analytics and machine learning domains, managing complex vendor relationships to optimize business outcomes.  Strong relationship and interpersonal skills and the ability to interact with senior business and IT executives, as well as external executives.  Strong passion for technology and staying abreast of industry trends.  Strong facilitation, process and influencing skills.  Proven entrepreneurial style.  Experience developing technology strategy, business cases and execution plans to achieve business goals.  Experience and passion for learning (technical and soft skills); implementing practices from others; trying, failing and learning from that; sharing practices and knowledge for others' benefit.  Ability to solve complex challenges for customers and have a high ability to solve internal and external barriers understanding internal and external organizational structures, dynamics and tradeoffs.  Experience in influencing Senior Leadership teams to drive strategy and investments.  Strong relationship-building and negotiation skills.  Excellent Communicator: Able to distill widely variant feedback into root cause issues and provide actionable feedback to other stakeholders.  Excellent technical and business presentation, writing, and verbal communication skills.  AI Solutions: High-level expertise in cloud solutions that include Data Management, Machine Learning, Cognitive services and understanding of identity, authentication, security, privacy, and compliance requirements, and experience integrating them into cloud and hybrid solutions.  Technical breadth: Enterprise customer level experience with Cloud technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Data Landscape, Architecture Designs, Open Source Technologies, Industry Standards and demonstrated ability to integrate new technologies on premise as well as on the cloud
 Deep understanding of computer science fundamentals (OOP, data structures, algorithms), preferably a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, or Engineering.  3-8 years' experience with core Java skills, along with MicroServices/ RESTful APIs, Spring Boot.  Strong, demonstrated analysis and problem solving skills.  Any experience with Machine Learning Algorithms, Computer vision, Big Data Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics/ Bayesian modeling, Anomaly Detection
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Experience contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a product Bachelorâ€™s Degree in Computer Science or related field. 5+ years of customer focused product management experience. 3+ years of experience working on Internet-scale web services for consumer-customers, designing and implementing infrastructure and/ or application management products and services.  Experience communicating technical concepts to a non-technical audience. Prior working experience in a Software Development Team.  Experience working with stakeholders across many functions.  Lead the development of the consumer-focused product strategy and vision supported by internal and external analysis Define creative, high quality, simple product roadmaps based on team strategy and vision Develop detailed, crisp business requirements and user stories that can be used to create product specifications and architecture for each product and application Manager prioritization and trade-offs among customer experience, performance and operational support load Create buy-in for the product vision both internally and with key external partners Work closely with engineering teams and program management to deliver products to market Drive product launches including working with public relations team, executives, and other product management team members Proactively identify and resolve strategic issues that may impair the teams ability to meet strategic, financial, and technical goals.  Masters degree.  Experience working with systems built using machine learning/ artificial intelligence techniques.  Experience delivering consumer software products and services in a high growth environment.  Experience working within a product team or similar environment.  Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated experience engaging and influencing senior executives.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions. High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired
 At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly.  The successful candidate will have 5+ years of progressive finance experience and welcomes change, is curious to discover approaches to challenging issues, takes on problem solving with a positive attitude and is self-motivated to complete challenging tasks.  Strong sense of team.  Strong Excel skills, experience with enterprise software systems and databases preferred.  Excellent analytical, written, and verbal communication skills.  Excellent analytical skills and a strong desire to apply out of the box thinking to new situations.  Ability to prioritize and respond quickly as well as work under pressure.  Experience.  BS/ BA Business, Finance, Accounting.  Strong background in Accounting and Finance with experience managing operating expenses
)Requirements:10 year or more of progressive experience in data modeling, integration and visualization, participation in solution architecture Data Governance, Data Retention, Data Storage, and Data Service Integration Azure and/ or AWSData pipelines, data streaming, and using real time analytics tools Hadoop, Columnar, Spark, Python, NoSQL, Graph Databases, MongoDB, Cassandra, Kafka, Snowflake etc. Agile methodology and Dev Ops Helpful to have skills: Enterprise data management solutions and platforms in the areas of MDM, Data Quality Management, Data Governance, Metadata Management, ETL, Data Warehouse and/ or data lakes Understanding of artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics, natural language processing, graph analysis Financial service or Insurance industry experience.  Key experiences would include Azure, Kafka, Event Streams, Snowflake, Datalake, and Informatica.  Experience: Solution Architecture: 3 years 
Automation Anywhere is a global leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), empowering customers to automate end-to-end business processes with software bots ??digital workers that perform repetitive and manual tasks, resulting in dramatic productivity gains, optimized customer experience and more engaged employees.  Preferred Skills/ Qualifications:.  7+ years relevant experience.  Strong working knowledge of DoD Cloud Computing SRG, RMF for DoD IT, and similar skills and experience.  Strong working knowledge of public cloud architecture.  Strong knowledge of application and cloud security and alignment to regulatory requirements.  Experience working with security tools and solutions.  Experience in working directly with government agencies on security operational processes.  Working experience in engineering organization.  Experience using or analyzing results from vulnerability management tools such as Nessus, Qualys, Fortify or similar
 Must excel in skill areas including RTL logic design, design verification, team work, customer focus, and communication.  Will have demonstrated experience as a senior technical contributor, planning and leading RTL logic design development projects.  Will have demonstrated experience in developing verification environments and performing complete verification on design blocks, sub-systems and full SoCs.  Must possess proven experience with customer interfacing and collaborative teamwork.  Will have proven experience contributing to multiple project tapeouts.  Must have hands-on experience with design of complex SOC designs.  Requirements: BS with 8-10 yrs relevant experience.  MS with 7+ yrs relevant experience
 We are looking for an experienced technology architect who wants to deliver the next generation intelligent digital health platform that will be the foundation of our products, services, and solutions across therapeutic areas such as Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, and Oncology.  You are highly technical, analytical, able to work effectively in a matrix organization, and adept at synthesizing a variety of information including research, competitive analysis, user behavior, and new technologies /  capabilities, transforming them into features and experiences that consumers love.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems or related field; .  Masters in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related preferred.  8+ years relevant experience in a software development role including experience with large scale systems.  Experience with BigData technology stack; Spark, Cassandra and Kafka including performance tuning and troubleshooting production issues.  Experience in bringing one or more AI based products deployed in production or at scale which uses machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, or natural language processing.  Experience in oAuth2 and SSL.  Experience working with Asynchronous networking frameworks ??Netty.  Experience tuning Network sockets layers in the cloud.  Experience with Complex event processing ??CEP.  Experience with reactive programming ??Vert.  Experience with ML techniques and ML runtime environment.  Experience working with Private Virtual Cloud Infrastructure.  Ability to travel internationally 25%.  10+ years relevant experience in a software development role.  Experience with Druid, Neo4J, TensorFlow, PySpark, Vert.  Experience in Kubernetes KubeFlow.  Experience with network mesh for service-discovery, load balancing, ALB; Apps Load Balancing, blue-green deployment.  Experience working with Quality Management Systems.  Experience with medical devices and/ or Software as a Medical Device.  Familiarity with Wearable and IoT Devices.  Experience with developing Virtual Reality/ Augmented Reality hardware/ software solutions
 Experience with Agile/ Scrum methodology, sprint planning and execution.  Experience preparing a communication plan for Go-Live deployment activities and post install checkout activities.  Experience using Salesforce CRM to develop business solutions.  Experience with Sales and Sales Operations Business processes: territory planning, sales productivity, quote-to-cash, license provisioning.  Experience with CPQ Cloud, preferably Oracle BigMachines.  Experience with Integrations such as Docusign, SpringCM, Tableau and any other AppExchange products.  Hands on experience configuring Salesforce or similar CRM Product, including workflows, validation rules, and security controls.  Proven ability leveraging analytical and problem-solving skills in a fast paced environment.  Strong presentation, communication (written and verbal) skills, and interpersonal skills.  Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks within a collaborative team environment.  Must have a Bachelor's Degree completed.  Experience gathering, and analyzing user input and requirements.  Experience documenting user stories and creating to-be process flow diagrams.  Experience collaborating with business stakeholders.  Experience on a Salesforce implementation through the full Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).  Experience with recommendations on Business Process Re-engineering
 The Artificial Intelligence Senior Program/ Portfolio Manager will be responsible for managing the full scope of activities within one of Innovations AI/ ML solution portfolios, to include partner exploration and outreach, user/ customer experience design, marketing and branding considerations, solution development and implementation, and demonstration of business value in production environments.  The ideal candidate will have the right attitude and an imaginative mind set, is creative, and has extensive experience with AI/ ML solution delivery within industry.  Works with various Product and Enterprise teams to optimize customer and user experiences.  Bachelors Degree in a STEM field (e. , Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or related quantitative/ technical field) and at least 5 years of combined experience in program management and/ or AI/ ML technology development, OR a High School Diploma/ GED and at least 10 years of experience.  Significant experience in project/ program management and customer relationship management in the AI/ ML technology space in an industry setting (banking/ financial industry preferred).  Experience working with R&D/ innovation-style activities.  Experience with programming and software design fundamentals, e.  Knowledge and familiarity with a broad range of AI/ ML algorithms, e.  Experience with both relational and non-relational databases and data access methods, e.  Experience with Python programming environment or equivalent (e.  Knowledge and familiarity with AI/ ML solution development within cloud-based environments (e.  Experience delivering communications in a clear, concise, and compelling manner
 The Artificial Intelligence Senior Program/ Portfolio Manager will be responsible for managing the full scope of activities within one of Innovations AI/ ML solution portfolios, to include partner exploration and outreach, user/ customer experience design, marketing and branding considerations, solution development and implementation, and demonstration of business value in production environments.  The ideal candidate will have the right attitude and an imaginative mind set, is creative, and has extensive experience with AI/ ML solution delivery within industry.  Works with various Product and Enterprise teams to optimize customer and user experiences.  Bachelors Degree in a STEM field (e. , Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or related quantitative/ technical field) and at least 5 years of combined experience in program management and/ or AI/ ML technology development, OR a High School Diploma/ GED and at least 10 years of experience.  Significant experience in project/ program management and customer relationship management in the AI/ ML technology space in an industry setting (banking/ financial industry preferred).  Experience working with R&D/ innovation-style activities.  Experience with programming and software design fundamentals, e.  Knowledge and familiarity with a broad range of AI/ ML algorithms, e.  Experience with both relational and non-relational databases and data access methods, e.  Experience with Python programming environment or equivalent (e.  Knowledge and familiarity with AI/ ML solution development within cloud-based environments (e.  Experience delivering communications in a clear, concise, and compelling manner
 The candidate should also have experience writing and executing automated tests.  Ability to understand and review requirement documents for test plan development.  Ability to set up testing environments using various tools.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience.  Experience: 5+.  Required Skills:.  Preferred Skills:
 Are you an analytical thinker? Are you an experienced data analyst with a proven track record of delivering analytics to provide data-driven results and insights?.  Experts to facilitate the Data Profiling process.  Proven experience in Data Extraction, Data Mining, Data Acquisition and Data Profiling using data quality and analysis tools (e.  Experience in the Financial Services sector and one or more relevant data domains, including Trade, Position, Instrument, Client and Counterparty.  Experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.  Ability to conduct full change lifecycle analysis to include requirements, design and implementation.  Strong project manager abilities to organize and run data profiling projects.  Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks).  BA/ BS Degree in Information Science, Data Analytics, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related technical field.  Experience with Enterprise Data Warehouse development and ETL processes.  Experience in SQL skills and data visualization skills using BI tools (Tableau, Business Objects etc.  Experience with Alteryx platform a major plus.  Good understanding of Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence and familiarity with Python.  Expert advice.  UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce
 Experience:.  Knowledge of RESTful principles and Service Oriented Architecture.  Experience with HTML and CSS basics.  Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests.  Experience with TDD or enthusiasm to learn this methodology.  Experience.  Experience Participating in Policies for Pull Requests, Builds and Releases
Job SummaryWe are looking for a talented Senior Backend Engineer who has a strong experience in building backend services to join our software development team. Solid 2+ years of backend development industrial experience.  Knowledge of Linux kernel/ C++/ networking protocols is preferred.  Knowledge and experience of embedded systems (RTOS, TCP/ IP, I2C, SPI, UART) is preferred.  Knowledge and experience of ElasticSearch, Prometheus, Kibana is a plus. Decent salary and benefits as well as company shares depending on your talent and experience. 
 We are seeking a Senior Software Engineer with a balance of skills in design, development and performance tuning to work out of our Chicago, IL location supporting data science, engineering and analytics teams.  3 - 5 years of experience in software engineering.  Consultative background (experience or personality) with ability to act as first in.  Experience building data-driven solutions at scale.  Preference given to candidates with demonstratable experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, or graph algorithms.  Experience with Scala and Spark environments.  Experience with Keras or Tensorflow is a plus.  Strong presentation and interdisciplinary communication skills (written and verbal).  Education /  Certifications:.  MS in Computer Science or related discipline plus 3 years experience or BA/ BS in Computer Science or related discipline and equivalent work experience required
 Experience:.  Knowledge of RESTful principles and Service Oriented Architecture.  Experience with HTML and CSS basics.  Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests.  Experience with TDD or enthusiasm to learn this methodology.  Experience.  Experience Participating in Policies for Pull Requests, Builds and Releases
 High School diploma or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 2 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 2 years directly related experience.  Experienced in the use of current strategic CAD tools; Pro-E/ Creo or Solid Works preferred.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 In addition, the senior AnyLogic Engineer will contribute to development the teams experience in AnyLogic.  Experience with AnyLogic Simulation Software8+ Years .  Experience with simulation.  Masters Degree in industrial engineering, operations research, or similar field An ability to deliver executive level analysis and deep dive into problems when needed A flexible, collaborative teammate comfortable working in a team oriented, fast paced, virtual environment.  Experience in data science and artificial intelligence not required, but a major plus Programming skills (Java, Python) 
 Experience with GraphQL gateways is a must.  Experience with multiple API design styles such as gRPC, GraphQL and REST.  Experience with SQL RDBMS like MariaDB and No-SQL data stores such as Redis.  S/ he should have experience in working in Agile based projects and should be able to work in a fast paced and result oriented environment.  Qualifications and Skills:.  Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent.  3+ years experience in IT.  Excellent knowledge of microservice architectures in the Kubernetes environment.  Deep experience with both Go and Python.  Solid experience with GraphQL.  Experience with multiple alternative microservice design styles such as gRPC and REST.  Experience in developing cloud applications.  Experience developing SaaS products preferred.  Experience working on agile projects and understanding of agile concepts.  Experience using Atlassian products like Jira is preferred.  Ability to work and achieve stretch goals in a very innovative and fast paced environment.  Excellent English verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical communications.  Strong inter-personal skills and a desire to work collaboratively
ai is interested in hiring a senior frontend developer with deep Angular experience to work on Antuit Enterprise SaaS solutions.  S/ he should have experience in working in Agile based projects and should be able to work in a fast paced and result oriented environment.  Qualifications and Skills:.  Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent.  3+ years experience in IT.  Excellent knowledge of Angular 2 (v7+), AG-Grid, ECharts and GraphQL.  Experience in developing cloud applications preferred.  Experience developing SaaS products preferred.  Experience working on agile projects and understanding of agile concepts.  Experience using Atlassian products like Jira is preferred.  Ability to work and achieve stretch goals in a very innovative and fast paced environment.  Excellent English verbal and written communication skills, especially in technical communications.  Strong inter-personal skills and a desire to work collaboratively
 Customers experience tremendous cost savings and create competitive advantages by developing custom applications in days and weeks versus months and years, despite a shortage of skilled developers.  7-10 years related experience with a software company BS/ BA in computer science or related technical degree Prior Pre-Sales .  Experience.  Expertise in web or mobile app development , business modeling, database concepts and project management - preferably using Agile Development Methodologies Good oral, written and presentation skills, with ability to organize and present technical material in an easily understood manner Deep insight on technical architectures, IT products and product positioning.  Strong business acumen is a plus Availability to travel
 As part of this work, this position will also play a supporting role in the standing up of IPA as a MSA authority by supporting AAA related areas in CONOPS, user stories and similar documentation/ artifacts.  Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science /  Mathematics /  Physical Sciences /  Engineering or related technical experience.  12+ years of systems engineering, systems integration, or systems development experience.  Experience in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/ IC Acquisition Process, SAFe Agile acquisition product ownership, Merging disparate architectures, CONOPS development, automation and computer vision, conducting imagery and/ or geospatial analysis.  Experience with artificial intelligence, machine learning or workflow automation
 Masters degree or above and at least 10 years of work experience across key business functional areas such as pricing, sales, finance, HR.  Proven experience in implementing AI solutions using statistical software (R, Python, JMP, SAS, SPSS, etc.  Familiarity with the capabilities, data requirements and limitations of modern data science and artificial intelligence techniques.  Experience in leading semiconductor company a plus.  Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing.  Strong communication skills and an ability to work effectively with others at all levels in an organization.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-JC4 || Tier 5 ||
 Experience:.  Knowledge of RESTful principles and Service Oriented Architecture.  Experience with HTML and CSS basics.  Ability to implement automated testing platforms and unit tests.  Experience with TDD or enthusiasm to learn this methodology.  Experience.  Experience Participating in Policies for Pull Requests, Builds and Releases
 Master of Science (M. ) degree in engineering, statistics, mathematics, computer sciences, or related field with 12+ years of experience in one or more scientific areas;.  10 years specialized experience providing direct or consultant scientific support to major programs or system development efforts; experience managing scientific or technology performer work preferred at one or more US Government agencies (e.  Previous success developing business and acquiring Government funding for scientific research and/ or prototypes via BAAs, OTAs, and other solicitations; any experience with other government funding agencies should be highlighted and include a description of roles and responsibilities to demonstrate adequate experience;.  Experience in applying chemical and/ or biological scientific expertise to define and resolve system issues, perform analysis, and develop plans and requirements for complex systems;.  Ability to coordinate multi-disciplinary research teams and manage the preparation of analysis, evaluations, and recommendations for proper implementation of programs and systems;.  Excellent communication to include technical writing and editing, communicating scientific concepts to non-scientific audiences, critical thinking, and interpersonal and customer service skills to engage senior private sector and US Government personnel;.  Ability to plan individual efforts and follow through to completion;.  Ability to multi-task and respond to quick turn-around requests;.  Understanding/ experience in mission and/ or policy as it relates to National Security, Law Enforcement, National Defense, Homeland Security, Aviation/ Space, and/ or Public Health
 Lead user experience and development through discovery and delivering of highly desirable consumer experiences in a highly AGILE startup like fast-paced environment.  Lead creation of delightful consumer experiences on Applications and Products, lead teams building scalable, reliable and highly secure solutions connecting millions of devices to Cloud.  Bachelors degree in Computer/ Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 4+ years of experience in product management preferably in building consumer products.  Demonstrated success in Software Product Management experience with Integrated Systems and Mobile Applications - iOS/ Android.  Expertise with UX, design, and best in class software development processes including AGILE.  Analytical and quantitative skills; experience using hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases.  Creative and Strategic thinker with visionary capabilities and conceptual thinking abilities, about how the consumer experience should work.  Strong leadership and persuasive communication skills
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Bachelors degree or higher in Engineering, Computer Science, Imagery Analysis, or related STEM degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.  Experience in government or industry integrating systems that process SAR data.  Senior-level experience working in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/ IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or systems engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture environments residing in cloud, on premise, or hybrid infrastructures.  Masters degree or higher in Engineering, Computer Science, Imagery Analysis, or related STEM degree program.  Experience Integrating solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience Integrating solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Experience Integrating solutions using Cloud-based technologies.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
 Must be familiar with and abide by the Corporate Compliance Program and Corporate PoliciesAll other assigned duties EDUCATION & LICENSURE: .  Masters degree in a highly quantitative field including Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Operations Research, Economics or Engineering5+ years experience in Data Science centric positions Applicable work experience with proven advanced capabilities can be substituted for .  Masters degree (.  Bachelors degree minimum required)QUALIFICATIONS: Technical expertise with proven predictive modeling and machine learning skills.  Knowledge of advanced statistical learning techniques and experience with applications.  Experience working with complex data using advanced analytics techniques and software technologies to deliver and interpret valuable insights Combination of deep technical skills along with business knowledge enough to interface with all domains and levels of the Path Group organization.  Experience using Python, R and Databricks.  Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib.  Experience with cloud technologies including AWS and Azure.  Strong SQL coding skills and the ability to manipulate data and draw insights from large datasets.  Experience working effectively in a team-based environment Solid analytical approach to problem solving.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Proven track record of delivery and execution Experience: Data Science: 4 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's 
Q Analysts is looking for a Senior Test Lead who will be working with experienced Testers on testing voice based consumer devices for android based assistant products. Skills: .  Experience in all phases of the software and testing lifecycle, from inception through deployment Demonstrable project leadership experience.  Experience designing and building frameworks to automate functional testing Test Planning and Strategy Represent the Testing Team in meetings with Business Owners, Tech Managers and other Stakeholders.  Experience with Device Testing and Mobile Testing.  Experience of Testing with Emulators and Simulators.  Experience working with black-box and white-box testing methodologies.  Strong software design debugging and testing skills Self-starter who can get work done with minimal supervision Proficient in SQL and the ability to analyze the data flows and create dashboards Education/ .  Experience: Bachelor's or Associate's degree AND 3+ years of experience in a QA or related role About Q Analysts Join Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization.  Q Analysts provides industry-leading managed services that drive Quality for Quality Assurance and Testing of hardware devices, software apps and experiences as well as Ground Truth Data Services for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Experience Program.  Experience: Leadership : 3 years (Required)Mobile Testing: 4 years (Required)SQL: 2 years (Required)Android Testing: 2 years 
 You will collaborate with an experienced cross-functional team to prototype new experiences and products and make valuable improvements to our current products.  The ideal candidate is passionate about engineering as a discipline, as demonstrated by a series of professional experiences that show your exceptional curiosity as to how and why engineering systems work and how, you personally, have used this knowledge to drive improved performance outcomes.  Research and prototype new technologies and platforms, especially in the areas of BLDC motor control systems and platforms and sensors that enhance the product experience.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering.  7+ years of experience developing consumer electronics.  Experience with BLDC motor control, Motor design and Power Electronics.  Experience with wireless technologies, such as WiFi or Bluetooth.  Experience with embedded digital systems and analog sensors.  Experience working with contract manufacturing partners
 Required Skills:.  5+ years experience in interactive design, designing and shipping desktop or mobile applications, preferably in an agency setting.  Expert level understanding of information architecture, interaction design, user experience, and visual design.  Proficiency in the use of Sketch and the Adobe suite as well as a willingness to learn on the job is a requirement.  Excellent collaborative and brainstorming skills.  Ability to deliver high quality work on tight schedules.  Experience in prototyping is a plus.  Experience with various platforms and operating systems is a plus
 Ayata is looking for experienced Senior Natural Language Processing .  Expert who will develop machine learning models for business applications and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions.  This candidate will bring considerable natural language processing knowledge and experience to the team.  Must have at least 3+ year NLP experience in a professional or research capacity.  Must have NLP .  Expertise and practical knowledge with preprocessing (Spacy or NLTK), Topic modeling (Gensim), POS-tagging, word embedding.  Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets.  Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms/ models, including time series forecasting, machine learning and deep learning, image processing, natural language processing, and speech recognition.  Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python.  Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.  Experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing.  PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related disciplines.  Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus.  Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) is a strong plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments.  Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience
 From data modeling to agent building, we utilize a modern, cloud-based tech stack with best-in-class tools to provide solutions and platforms empowering the future state of game development, marketing, sales, and player experience.  in Computer Science, or related fields (focus in NLP or ML a plus) required 5 years minimum of focused experience Team leadership/ mentorship experience Track record of having developed novel AI algorithms, and major journal and conference publications .  Strong problem-solving ability .  Strong programming skills .  Experience with large-scale data and distributed systems ??.  Experience with Apache Hadoop, Spark, and Tensorflow a plus .  Experience with SQL and MPP databases .  Excellent written and verbal communication skills
 Lead user experience and development through discovery and delivering of highly desirable consumer experiences in a highly AGILE startup like fast-paced environment.  Lead creation of delightful consumer experiences on Applications and Products, lead teams building scalable, reliable and highly secure solutions connecting millions of devices to Cloud.  Bachelors degree in Computer/ Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 4+ years of experience in product management preferably in building consumer products.  Demonstrated success in Software Product Management experience with Integrated Systems and Mobile Applications - iOS/ Android.  Expertise with UX, design, and best in class software development processes including AGILE.  Analytical and quantitative skills; experience using hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases.  Creative and Strategic thinker with visionary capabilities and conceptual thinking abilities, about how the consumer experience should work.  Strong leadership and persuasive communication skills
 Experience Designer.  Experience Designer to join the team at our HQ office outside of Philadelphia, PA.  Experience team to create and collaborate with the development and business groups.  The user experience team is a small and diverse team made up of UX Designers and UX Engineers.  We actively try to find people with different perspectives and experiences to the ones we already have.  A minimum of 6 years of industry experience in product design.  Ability to design projects across the entire product lifecycle.  Experience with front-end development.  Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills.  Strong collaboration skills across disciplines to drive change into products.  Ability to manage and work on multiple projects concurrently.  Experience working with and building design systems.  Ability to define problems and goals, map user flows, prototype interactions.  Ability to support the building process across with development.  Ability to identify problems and act on opportunities to improve the product. js experience.  Competitive salary - We pay very well at market rates reflecting both location and experience
 (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  The successful candidate will have extensive DoD experience or have experience working in the Defense business, and be familiar with the latest advancements in technology like Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning.  Shape GA-ASI OMS and UCS/ UCI implementation strategy.  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply
5+ years of experience as a front-end developer or web technologist role Deep understanding and fluent usage across a broad spectrum of technologies including HTML5/ CSS3/ JavaScript, JSON/ XML data, web and server programming (Node Express, Python, Apache), responsive/ adaptive design, web development tools and frameworks (e.  Experience and passion for developing visually polished, engaging and highly fluid user interfaces An online portfolio of work demonstrating expertise creating and implementing front-end solutions.  Strong creative and conceptual thinker.  Strong attention to detail and organization skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills Willingness to work with and advance internal authoring tools.  Strong understanding of interaction design and design process.  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  You will drive digital product design, partner with user researchers and development teams to deliver great user experiences.  BS/ MS in Computer Science or equivalent professional experience.  Experience shipping products in an agile development environment Sensibility for BI and Analytics
Bachelor's Degree10+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology6+ years of experience managing teams.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Bachelors degree in a field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Business or similar, with at least 10 years professional experience.  Proven ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously and driving projects to completion.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams.  Experience managing teams of 10 or more people A self-starter who loves using data to drive large scale improvements Great written and verbal communication skills ??can provide information to technical and non-technical stakeholders alike.  Foster culture of continuous product and analytics improvement through mentoring, feedback, and metrics Deliver vision for a suite of products Own and champion operational excellence through establishment of group-wide metrics for measurement with a consistent, regular process for assessment and improvement Interface with a diverse customer base to understand requirements, priorities, and processes Set clear, measurable quality goals for an organization in a data-driven way Have the obsession to drive a better customer experience through everything that we do here at AmazonBring innovative ideas to the table every day, in order to find better ways of accomplishing our customer objectives Raise the bar on functionality, flow, consistency, usability, and simplicity continually; guard the world-class supply chain experience at Amazon Mentor and promote your team members.  Experience with supply chain planning.  Experience with analytics and statistical modeling.  Experience working with scientists and engineers on machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI)
 You would be managing a team of professionals utilizing advanced SQL skills, statistical analysis, and MS BI stack to achieve these objectives.  Organizing the metrics and dashboards setup for various areas of the business using MS BI Stack and other custom reporting tools.  Qualifications, Skills and Requirements.  3+ years of managerial experience in the BI field.  MA/ MS or higher degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Applied Math, Physics, or other technical fields.  Strong MS SQL/ MySQL skills.  Experience or deep understanding of Microsoft BI tools: SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, PowerBI.  Advanced MS Excel skills.  Experience solving analytical problems using other technical field approaches.  Excellent communication skills.  Proficiency in utilizing Google Analytics.  Experience in Ecommerce is a major plus.  Expertise/ background in artificial intelligence/ machine learning is a plus.  Some programming experience is a plus (PHP, C++, Javascript, VBA, or others)
 Prior experience in Azure, Big Data, SQL, WCF, ASP.  Machine Learning experience will be a great plus.  Design, Implement, Validate, Release distributed cloud components/ services/ systems using your software engineering (designing, coding, review, testing, debugging, problem solving and analytical) skills in agile team that will measurably add value to our business partners and stakeholders.  Participate in On Call and Site Reliability rotations to support live site and drive engineered solutions to improve customer experiences.  Gain understanding of Microsoft businesses and the varied processes along with their outcomes and collaborate with all stakeholders to contribute to a cohesive set of capabilities built to deliver frictionless experience.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/ or practical experience is required.  2+ years of experience leading & managing employees (full time or vendors).  3+ years of software engineering experience building and shipping large-scale, high performance, scalable systems and services working on top of data of different types.  Minimum 8+ years of software development & testing experience in building systems/ services in Object Oriented Language.  MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or related discipline.  Experience in a DevOps culture supporting live site.  Working experience with Azure platform.  Excellent programming skills in object-oriented language.  Strong skills in designing, implementing and testing Service Oriented Architecture, REST, OData services.  Experience in Agile execution /  delivery.  Strong skills in designing, implementing and testing Service Oriented Architecture (SOA), REST APIs & micro services.  Experience with Data Warehouse, reporting frameworks, building and leveraging data lake on Azure or from other cloud solutions providers.  Experience in Machine Learning /  Artificial Intelligence is a GREAT PLUS
 Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline or related science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) field.  Ten years of related experience.  Knowledge of DoD acquisition processes, policies, and guidance.  Experience managing multiple projects, including cost/ schedule/ performance, preferably in DoD Program Offices.  Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of professional relationship building.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Masters degree in engineering discipline or related science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) field.  Knowledge of Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) organizational structures, functions, and communication protocols.  Knowledge of one or more DoD technology modernization areas to include Hypersonics, Directed Energy, Microelectronics, Space, Autonomy, Command, Control, and Communications (C3), Quantum (including encryption and computing), Cyber (offensive and defensive); Machine Learning; Artificial Intelligence, and Biotechnology.  Knowledge of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), OUSD(A&S)/ Industrial Policy, Defense Technology Security Administration (DTSA), export controls, intelligence, counterintelligence and law enforcement organizations, interagency partners like DoC and DoS, and relevant policies, procedures, tools, and support services
 Do you have a passion for building and deploying machine learning models within a fast-moving start up? West Creek is searching for an innovative Data Scientist with proven strengths in functional (reusable) programming (R or Python) to join our small but growing team to build industry-leading risk, fraud, and sales forecasting models.  Required Skills/ Qualifications.  5+ years of professional experience building predictive models in Python or R.  Minimum 3+ years' experience using SQL.  Bachelor's degree in a quantitative or STEM field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Economics, or Analytics.  Master's degree or PhD in a quantitative or STEM field.  1+ years of experience in a fast-moving start-up.  3+ years of experience in financial services.  1+ years of experience using Spark, AWS, or Azure.  Prior experience deploying machine learning models into production
 As a Series C company, we have a blend of science, technology, and healthcare talent to help us unlock this paradigm-shifting approach, including the likes of National Institute for Mental Health, Stanford Center for Neurobiological Imaging, Uber, Facebook, Google, Apple, Oscar Health, and CMS.  Strong communicator.  Experienced with MongoDB, nosql technologies.  Docker experience a plus.  Experienced with service design patterns, multithreading, scalability and performance.  Excellent knowledge of algorithms and data structures.  Familiarity with cloud architectural patterns and microservices, message queues, container orchestration, etc.  Experience developing and supporting production code.  Proven track record of delivering on tight schedule.  in Computer Science or related field OR equivalent experience.  4+ years of full-stack software engineering experience developing user-facing features and systems
 Lead user experience and development through discovery and delivering of highly desirable consumer experiences in a highly AGILE startup like fast-paced environment.  Lead creation of delightful consumer experiences on Applications and Products, lead teams building scalable, reliable and highly secure solutions connecting millions of devices to Cloud.  Bachelors degree in Computer/ Electrical Engineering or equivalent with 4+ years of experience in product management preferably in building consumer products.  Demonstrated success in Software Product Management experience with Integrated Systems and Mobile Applications - iOS/ Android.  Expertise with UX, design, and best in class software development processes including AGILE.  Analytical and quantitative skills; experience using hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop business cases.  Creative and Strategic thinker with visionary capabilities and conceptual thinking abilities, about how the consumer experience should work.  Strong leadership and persuasive communication skills
 Experience: 4 (5-7 preferred).  Minimum Education: College degree in a scientific, technical, or quantitative field.  Experience in areas related to process automation:.  Business skills and experience in IT, accounting, finance or operations;.  Strong written and verbal communication.  Skills Required:.  Demonstrates thorough skills and/ or proven success in a role participating in projects including the following:.  Strong organization and self-management skills, willing to take initiative and follow through;.  Ability to handle multiple tasks and responsibilities;.  Ability to work effectively with a variety of skill sets to tackle complex challenges;.  Experience with UiPath, Blue Prism, Automation Anywhere or other commercial automation tool;.  Experience with Agile project delivery methods, tools and concepts;.  Experience Preferred:.  Skills Development & Certifications
 The Senior Site Reliability Engineer for Clintegrity is responsible for the integration and operation of pipelines, container orchestration and virtual machine configuration management within an Azure cloud environment that evolves aggressively to offer the best possible experience to our Healthcare customers ranging from CDI specialists to doctors making diagnoses.  Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree with a concentration in a field such as Computer Science, Engineering, or Information Technology/ Informatics.  Experience: 5+.  Required Skills:
 Bachelors degree in software engineering or a related technical field is required (or equivalent experience), plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  Agile experience preferred.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors in software engineering or a related technical field, plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience or a .  Masters degree is required; Agile experience preferred.  Strong understanding of software engineering concepts, principles, and theories.  Ability to interact effectively with project teams, managers and end users.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Minimum Hiring Salary/ Position Classification: $70,000 plus based on experience/ annual, Full Time, Benefited, Exempt.  We are looking for a scientifically trained, confident, and experienced engineer or scientist to contribute to the success of the EERC and its clients.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.  Strong leadership.  Masters degree in geophysics or closely related field.  5 years of related professional research experience in geophysics.  Experience with developing numerical algorithms and their application to field data.  Experience with Python, MATLAB, R, C, C++, or Fortran.  Experience using an industry-standard geophysical software package to analyze and process data.  Doctoral degree in geophysics or related field or 10+ years of professional research experience in exploration geophysics or reservoir characterization.  Experience with several geophysical methods, e.  Experience with one or more of the following: signal processing, machine learning, big data, and time-lapse geophysics.  Experience leading research projects.  Experience leading a multidisciplinary research team
 Bachelors degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree.  At GDMS, we continually seek ways to develop and improve manufacturing methods, utilizing our teams knowledge of product design, materials and parts, fabrication processes, tooling and production equipment capabilities, assembly methods, and quality control standards.  Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent.  2+ years of experience in a manufacturing environment.  Strong attention to detail and a methodical approach to problem solving.  Knowledge of MRP/ ERP systems.  Working knowledge of SolidWorks and MS Office software packages (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).  Strong skills in multitasking, problem solving, and ethical decision making.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Experience with one or more of the following: Fiber-optic cable splicing and handling, Circuit card assembly processes, Injection molding, Undersea cabling systems.  Experience with IFS MRP system.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation
 Experience.  Experience team at Compass, you will use your experience with microservices based architecture to build products that improve every step of the real estate agent, buyer and seller experience at Compass.  The consumer experience team's charter is to help consumers navigate the hard process of choosing a real estate agent and buy, rent or sell at compass platforms.  You will help design and develop backend services and data pipeline to support an industry leading consumer experience for anyone coming to compass.  You are passionate about creating a fantastic user experience and you feel it is critical that your voice is heard in product and business decisions.  BS in CS or EE or equivalent.  6+ years of experience writing complete, well-tested, database-driven web applications.  6+ years of experience programming in languages like Java, Python, and Go (we use all three here at Compass).  Experience designing larger systems: particularly web services and RESTful APIs, microservice architectures, and data ingestion with a particular emphasis of industry standard best practices.  In-depth understanding and hands on experience with Kubernetes, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, and Redis.  Experienced with AWS services such as EC2, S3, Lambda, SQS, and SNS.  Familiarity and hands on experience with JavaScript and front end frameworks is a plus
 You will leverage your experience with tools working with cloud environments and across Linux, macOS, Windows environments to ensure proper operations.  Use your experience in logical design of networks, research and development, and hands-on configuration.  Exceptional coding abilities and experience with architectural patterns of large, high-scale applications.  Excellent communication skills and can effectively discuss technical issues with both technical and non-technical customers.  Experience with research and development of networking technologies.  Experience leading teams of engineers for high-impact results.  Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) experience with:.  BS, MS or Ph.  in computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience.  7+ years software and systems delivery experience
 10+ years of experience in constructing, validating, and executing machine learning-based solutions Executive level consulting experience in translating business problems across disciplines into advanced analytic projects with measurable business value combined with ability and experience to work closely with the individual contributors to efficiently translate plans into reality. Analytics experience within the retail and/ or healthcare industries, with experience deploying capabilities across a wide range of business disciplines and creating solutions to a variety of problems.  Proven experience working across multiple business areas such as operations, finance, sales, product, and strategy.  Experience with theoretical modeling approaches and matching analytic modeling approaches to a wide range of business applications.  Strong background in modern modeling tools (e. ) and deep experience deploying machine learning models at scale (e.  Proven team leadership and management experience, with ability to recruit, engage and develop staff with advanced degrees and diverse backgrounds and in different geographic locations, ability to allocate resources based on priority and skill level, strengths, and area of expertise; ability to train and mentor junior colleagues.  Proven ability to establish and maintain collaborative relationships with non-analytic business partners, including executive leadership, in order to elicit business needs and formulate, propose and refine analytic solutions in order to meet the business needs and to drive efficiency and effectiveness improvements and business value.  Excellent written and oral communication and data presentation skills, with ability to tailor the communication style to the right audience, from the analytic professional to the senior business leaders.  Excellent project management skills with ability to lead and engage in multiple projects and initiatives and appropriately prioritize her/ his own time as well as that of the direct reports.  Management consulting experience a plus Deep understanding of the healthcare administration landscape and CVS Health business model, including patient and payer concerns, as well as the operational considerations in support of the business objectives.  We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success.  In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.  We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities
 QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: Master's or Higher Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Software Engineering
 The Senior Applications Software engineer will work with partners and leaders across the organizations to architect, design and develop delightful IoT device mobile app user experiences
 The Senior Applications Software engineer will work with partners and leaders across the organizations to architect, design and develop delightful IoT device mobile app user experiences.   BS in CS/ EE or equivalent with 6+ years of experience in S/ W development role .  Must have experience working in an AGILE fast paced start up like environment.  Experience building Android/ iOS applications with a passion to work on killer applications working with world-class UXD partners.  Experience in debugging existing code and strong code reviewing capabilities.  Strong experience in Objective-C/ Swift and Java 3+ years of iOS development and 3+ years of Native Android Development.  Familiarity with using JSON/ Restful APIs, Cocoa Touch, Kotlin.   Fast paced Start up with AGILE/ Scrum experience preferred.  Strong familiarity with Automation technologies, source control tools like Bitbucket/ Git, Makefiles and Jenkins.  Strong leadership and persuasive communication skills
 That's why we build products to make it easy, quick, and inexpensive for developers and businesses to innovate with AI, go to market faster, and build better user experiences.  We will look to you to apply your past hands-on experience with deep learning.  3+ years of hands-on experience crafting and experimenting with neural networks, machine learning techniques and computer vision.  Experience with multiple imaging modalities.  Fluent with Python, as well as experience with packages such as NumPy, pandas, scikit-learn, and matplotlib.  Masters in Computer Science or related field.  Experience with search infrastructure or GO language.  Experience with TensorRT, Deepstream.  Experience with government contracts and interactions
 It means delighting your users with an experience which makes them promoters of your product to their colleagues and other customers.  As a Senior Product Manager at iManage, you'll own the end-to-end experience for the product and are responsible for collaborating with the right teams to ensure that this experience comes to life.  Existing products like iManage Share and new collaboration products yet to be launched in the market, as well as the integration strategy with other collaborative technologies like MS Teams and Slack.  Synthesizing requirements into documented use cases and working with the user experience team to create intuitive features which delight users.  A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Knowledge of security with respect to cloud & content within the enterprise.  5+ years of experience as a product manager with a B2B (preferred) or B2C SaaS offering.  Experience communicating and forming relationships with key customers and prospects.  Excellent communication skills with an ability to articulate a product vision and messages both in writing and in person.  Analytical skills including the ability to conduct market research and competitive analysis
 Must be familiar with and abide by the Corporate Compliance Program and Corporate Policies All other assigned duties EDUCATION & LICENSURE: .  Masters degree in a highly quantitative field including Applied Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Operations Research, Economics or Engineering5+ years experience in Data Science centric positions Applicable work experience with proven advanced capabilities can be substituted for .  Masters degree (.  Bachelors degree minimum required)QUALIFICATIONS: Technical expertise with proven predictive modeling and machine learning skills.  Knowledge of advanced statistical learning techniques and experience with applications.  Experience working with complex data using advanced analytics techniques and software technologies to deliver and interpret valuable insights Combination of deep technical skills along with business knowledge enough to interface with all domains and levels of the PathGroup organization.  Experience using Python, R and Databricks.  Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib.  Experience with cloud technologies including AWS and Azure.  Strong SQL coding skills and the ability to manipulate data and draw insights from large datasets.  Experience working effectively in a team-based environment Solid analytical approach to problem solving.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Proven track record of delivery and execution Experience: Data Science: 4 years (Required)Education: Bachelor's 
 Proven ability to motivate, align, and manage high performing, happy and empowered developers.  Desired Skills and .  Experience.  Strong technical understanding in building Scalable high Performance services.  Proven track record on running Operations for a Cloud Service.  Experience working with Distributed Systems.  AI /  ML systems and Heterogeneous Databases Operations experience a plus.  At least 15+ years of software development experience of which 2-4 years of cloud services development environment.  5+ years of senior management experience.  BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field.  Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  8 or more years of software engineering or related experience
 The accepted candidate will be joining a team of experienced game developers on the ground floor, helping not only to develop the companys maiden project, but the company as well.  Degree in computer engineering or computer science.  Experience developing for a major console (Xbox, Playstation, Wii, etc.  Experience in 3D graphics programming (OpenGL or DirectX).  Experience in game engine development.  Experience in network programming.  Strong personal interest in videogames.  Experience developing for mobile and/ or tablet platforms (Android or iOS).  Experience working with remote teams and contractors
 Must maintain an active Top Secret / SCI.  Experience.  BS with 8-10 years experience or MS 6-8 years experience or PhD with 3-5 years experience
 Innovation is key, we are looking for a leader who can create growth and disruption through a unique user experience we build with and for our clients.  We are looking for an experienced product leader who has worked in the betting space.  Discover new products, features or improvements and solve user problems and pain points by constantly improving personalized user experience.  At least 4 years of product management experience.  Proven track record of managing all aspects of a successful product throughout its lifecycle.  Strong problem solving skills and willingness to roll up ones sleeves to get the job.  Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities.  Ability to work independently to get an idea from inception to implementation, including knowledge of techniques for validation and testing.  Excellent communicator of product decisions and the rationale behind them.  Ability to understand and delve holistically into a product while also being able to break down features and set priorities.  Familiarity with an Agile development process and driving the product roadmap.  Knowledge of Agile tools, like Jira, Aha or Trello.  Strong ability to translate product needs to technology/ engineering and the business.  Ability to concisely summarize complex issues and make clear, compelling recommendations.  Strong understanding of technology, sports, gaming/ casinos, or all of the above.  Experience in sports betting industry
 Must maintain an active Top Secret / SCI.  Experience.  BS with 8-10 years experience or MS 6-8 years experience or PhD with 3-5 years experience
3+ years of relevant work experience in Program Management.  Experience coordinating complex product development cycles and software development schedules ??strong, proven project management skills.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Ability to work autonomously in a highly demanding and often ambiguous environment, with attention to detail and organizational skills.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Masters Degree.  Experience with platforms and development tools.  Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously and ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically.  Proven analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop project business cases.  Proven track-record of taking ownership and driving results.  Ability to work autonomously in a highly demanding and often ambiguous environment, with attention to detail and organizational skills
 Digital Health and Analytics is a new area of Humana, focused on transforming the health experience for Humana members through the use of technology and analytics.  The ideal candidate will have experience conducting experiments in an applied healthcare setting, demonstrated innovative and creative methods for overcoming testing constraints, as well as successfully applying machine learning techniques to address business needs.  Masters Degree + 3 years experience OR .  Bachelors Degree + 5 years experience.  Experience with Deep Learning (ANN, CNN, RNN, Auto-encoders, GAN, etc.  Experience working with and analyzing various types of data using R, Python or similar software.  Experience in using mathematics, statistics, modeling, experimental study design, business analysis, and technology to transform high volumes of complex data into advanced analytic solutions.  Strong interpersonal and consulting skills.  Work experience in a health care and/ or Insurance setting.  Experienced in recommender systems.  Knowledge and experience working with standard speech recognition toolkits.  Demonstrated experience in time series, signal processing, and AI techniques on continuous time signals.  Experience with cloud-based ecosystems (GCP, AWS, Azure).  Experience in Big Data environment specifically PySpark and DataBricks
 M365 Substrate and Intelligence team is building the AI infrastructure to empower Office 365 product teams such as MSTeams, Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and many others to build and operationalize intelligence features at scale in a seamless and homogenous fashion without compromising customer trust.  Engage with an experienced cross-disciplinary staff to conceive and design innovative solutions.  5+ years of experience in building/ shipping cloud-based products and services.  5+ years of experience architecting and implementing cloud-based solutions (Cloud Native and Cloud Edge).  Excellent at interfacing with customers on-site, and a strong desire to help them succeed.  Deep technical knowledge of Azure cloud architecture and services (PaaS/ IaaS), or similar experience with AWS/ GCP.  Familiarity with relevant languages/ tools, such as .  Experience with containers and orchestration technologies like Kubernetes is a plus.  Hands-on experience implementing various application/ solution migration strategies (i.  5+ years of experience in building/ shipping cloud-based products and services.  5+ years of experience architecting and implementing cloud-based solutions (Cloud Native and Cloud Edge).  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/ or government security screening requirements are required for this role
 Individuals will build experiences using modern best practices for performance, accessibility and browser compatibility that match design prototypes provided by UX/ Visual designers.  MS SQL Server /  T-SQL, Windows Azure SQL.  8+ years of software development experience preferably in the Microsoft stack of technologies.  BS in Computer Science or Engineering or additional experience in the field.  High level of proficiency in at most of our Core Technologies.  Some experience using some form of source control and unit testing.  Experience troubleshooting and taking responsibility for small features, from design to user delivery.  Experience.  Regardless of experience level, all of our engineers strive to learn more then they knew yesterday.  We encourage growth of leadership and communication skills and encourage engineers at all levels of experience to both take ownership of increasingly harder work and to work directly with users on small features and bugs
 Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications.  Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Math or a related field.  Minimum years of work experience: 5 years.  Required Skills.  3+ years of programming experience using Java, Scala or Python.  2+ years of experience with healthcare data standards (HL7 2.  Experience with Relational Database Systems.  Some experience with Big Data and related technologies.  Experience with XML, JSON, and related formats.  Experience with creating APIs and web services.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Ability to handle multiple responsibilities with rapidly changing priorities and deadlines.  Ability to interact with and accept direction from multiple managers and clients.  Ability to work independently.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Ability to define, plan and manage projects and supporting personnel.  Preferred Skills.  Experience developing secure, highly available, cloud applications (Azure).  Experience with SQL Server and Azure SQL.  Experience with HL7 FHIR protocol.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, or Crucible a plus (Atlassian toolset).  Experience with Git/ Bitbucket and Eclipse.  Experience collaborating with teams across multiple geographic locations and time zones.  Experience in being an active member of an Agile/ Scrum team.  Familiarity with Behavioral Driven Development (BDD).  Experience working in a cross-domain environment involving Java and other Open Source platforms
 Experience with applying advanced analytic techniques, including natural language processing and machine learning.  Experience with building data products using open source programming languages, including Python, R, TensorFlow, and ElasticSearch.  Experience with scaling data products across distributable computing environments, including Hadoop, MapReduce, or MongoDB.  Experience in leadings teams of junior teammates with diverse skillsets and backgrounds.  Experience with technical writing.  Ability to obtain a security clearance MA or MS degree
 Experience with IaC (Infrastructure as Code) concepts and tooling - Terraform preferred.  Knowledge of Docker engine and ecosystem.  Experience with troubleshooting and debugging container issues at any level, including container networking.  Strong knowledge and understanding of microservices based architectures.  Strong scripting skills including ability to write scripts from scratch using Python and/ or Bash.  Excellent communication and troubleshooting skills.  Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery models including Blue/ Green and Canary release models is a plus.  Experience working with HashiCorp Vault, Consul, and Terraform, provisioning experience with Mesos or Kubernetes clusters as well as knowledge of network architecture, VMWare, KVM & OpenStack are all desired skills
We are extending the development team and looking for an experienced Senior Node. Required qualifications:5 years of experience in Node.  Experience in design and development of complex web applications.  Experience with MongoDB, TypeScript, Nest.  Experience: TypeScript, Nest
 It means delighting your users with an experience which makes them promoters of your product to their colleagues and other customers.  As a Senior Product Manager at iManage, you'll own the end-to-end experience for the product and are responsible for collaborating with the right teams to ensure that this experience comes to life.  Existing products like iManage Share and new collaboration products yet to be launched in the market, as well as the integration strategy with other collaborative technologies like MS Teams and Slack.  Synthesizing requirements into documented use cases and working with the user experience team to create intuitive features which delight users.  A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Knowledge of security with respect to cloud & content within the enterprise.  5+ years of experience as a product manager with a B2B (preferred) or B2C SaaS offering.  Experience communicating and forming relationships with key customers and prospects.  Excellent communication skills with an ability to articulate a product vision and messages both in writing and in person.  Analytical skills including the ability to conduct market research and competitive analysis
 Masters degree, or .  Bachelors degree and 3+ years of experience, in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline.  Demonstrated experience driving scientific projects in a collaborative environment.  Demonstrated experience with machine learning algorithms (random forest, SVM, neural networks, etc.  Demonstrated experience in one of the following domains: real-world data (EHR, insurance claims, registry data), image analysis, digital signal processing, multi-omics, chemical /  protein structural data, and /  or systems biology (pathway, networks).  Ability to effectively communicate technical work to a wide audience.  At least 2 years of hands-on technical data analysis and modeling experience.  Familiarity with and exposure to drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience with large datasets, understanding of data analysis workflows, software engineering (databases, cloud computing) and /  or querying languages such as SQL.  Experience working closely with healthcare subject matter experts.  Experience with relevant disease biology in cancer, immunology, neuroscience, cardiovascular, or infectious disease
 Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field with 4+ years of experience or BS in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related field with 6+ years of relevant experience4+ years of experience with System architecture including developing & deploying distributed solutions4+ years of experience with use and design of components of Data Center such as Servers, Storage Systems, Network switches and Nics2+ years of experience in Linux architecture (Kernel, user space, and virtualization)3+ years of experience in C, C++, Python and scripting1+ years of experience with TCO analysis in data centers.  Additional Skills Preferred:.  3+ years of experience with design of Xeon platforms1+ years of experience with P4 programming and SONiC1+ years of experience various communications protocols like Ethernet, IP, RDMA (RoCE)1+ years of experience in Open Compute Project
 Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution.  Minimum 5 years of successful Business Development, Solution Sales, or Consulting experience is required.  Minimum 5 years of experience working for an end-user in a production environment within oil and gas industry.  Minimum 5 years of experience working with business software and/ or consulting companies.  Must be legally authorized to work in the US without company sponsorship.  7+ years of experience working for an end-user in a production environment within defined industry is preferred.  Experience working with business software and/ or consulting companies.  Strong technical and business background in industrial process automation.  Experience working directly for an end user in the production environment preferably within upstream or midstream segment.  Demonstrated experience and success with solution selling process and strong team selling approach.  Excellent Collaborator; builds strong relationships and leadership connections to understand customer needs
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Proven track record of understanding customer needs, taking a product from conception, definition phase through Engineering design and Go to market Track record of high-scale technology launches ??e. Sound business judgment, proven ability to influence others, and strong analytical thinking skills Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to navigate a complex and unstructured cross-functional environment.  Strong writing and speaking skills Functional experience and depth with contact center technologies Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively Understand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners
 Familiarity with many technologies, hands-on data engineering, data modelling, data science concepts and processes with a strong knowledge of their capabilities and limitations; in-depth knowledge of all areas of data management and data modelling and the resources available to deliver projects or programs.  Strong understanding of the current and future state external real world data assets, data vendors, technology and applications.  Strong expertise in health informatics, including familiarity with health outcomes databases, electronic health records, clinical trial data, biomarker data sets and clinical trial registries.  Masters, PhD or MD) with a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience OR a .  Bachelors degree with a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline is required.  Experience negotiating with stakeholders.  Demonstrated experience creating new programs and products with high impact.  Strong understanding of health care data standards such as OMOP, Snomed, ICD, LOINC, CDISC, OMICS etc.  Strong understanding of and demonstrated expertise in health care data analytic methods /  biostatistics is required.  Experience with SQL R/ Python/ SAS scripting, data modelling and data transformation skillset is required
 10+ years of experience in delivery management of commercial product software.  5+ years of hands-on experience in implementing and growing agile and Scaled Agile(SAFe) for large global software engineering teams.  Expertise and experience in working with Jira/ Atlassian(or other such) tools.  Experience with the implementation of cloud software managing large, complex projects in a high-tech development environment with multi-disciplinary teams.  Excellent facilitation, conflict mediation, and situational awareness skills.  Excellent communication, written and verbal.  Technical background with experience of software development /  design /  testing
 As a Senior Front-End Engineer, you will be a key contributor to Udacity's growth by building a high quality checkout and sign-up experience.  5+ years of professional software engineering experience.  Strong background in Javascript and/ or TypeScript.  Deep experience with a modern web framework.  To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
 Some Sys-Admin-type experience will be helpful in this role as well as an understanding of the art of testing a software product .  Ability to work well in a tight niche team environment.  Must have excellent written and oral communication skills.  Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or equivalent engineering or technical disciplines required.  Experience in a software product/ vendor environment (javascript preferred).  Experience with or the ability to learn using automated testing tools (Selenium).  Experience identifying, interpreting, and defining business requirements, translating into systems requirements and leading the process to visualize and document.  BCBS Health, Dental, & Vision Insurance with generous employer funding for employees and dependents
 Analytical and organic chemistry/ process chemistry experience on pre-clinical/ clinical programs (drug substance and drug product extemporaneous prep).  Strong analytical instrumentation background.  Experience with off-line /  on-line process controls.  Expertise in discovery process research (pre-IND space) preferred.  Plant/ vendor management experience.  Experience in production of radiolabeled material preferred.  Ability to fully insource analytical work; .  Ability to fully outsource analytical work.  Excellent oral and written communication skills for effectively interfacing with vendors and internal stakeholders Entrepreneurial and passionate about science and innovation.  BS /  BA (>10 years experience), MS or Ph.  in Analytical Chemistry/ Organic Chemistry (>5 years experience)
 Create a positive team member experience.  Experience:.  A bachelor's degree or master's degree in software engineering, information systems (MIS) or computer science is strongly preferred.  Other STEM degrees with relevant work experience or coursework are also encouraged to apply.  Strong track record of delivering multiple enterprise-grade automation solutions.  Knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of algorithms in the Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning and Intelligent Control fields.  Eight years of Process Excellence experience (Lean Six Sigma Green/ Black Belt is a plus).  Three years of management experience with increasing accountability for client-facing project outcomes.  Technical Skills:.  Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders at all levels.  Ability to engage with teams throughout the organization around Process Automation /  Process Management technologies.  Knowledge of BPMN and other process modeling languages.  Knowledge of UML and other requirements modeling languages.  Knowledge of BPM, RPA, and reporting tools (command of at least one).  Ability to manage in agile/ scrum development environment.  Valid drivers license required
 Designing and building BI strategies for strong user experience and adoption while providing data and insights to drive key business decisions.  Expert in best practices, delivery and the BI Strategy.  Have a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Finance, Statistics or related discipline, or an equivalent in education and experience.  7+ years of relevant experience in a business intelligence role, including data warehousing and BI tools, techniques and technology.  5+ years of experience using BI reporting tools, including creation and automation of enterprise scaled dashboards, reports, scorecards and ad-hoc reporting solutions.  Experience in managing, designing and delivering large cross functional custom reporting solutions preferably in Power BI Premium.  Experience leading and developing a data driven culture and leading a community of practice.  Possess a strong foundation in data analytics, data-mining and SQL, preferably MS SQL/ TSQL.  Have experience using an agile methodologies and tracking tools (Rally, Jira etc.  Strong commitment to data governance and security.  Strong problem solving skills, logically and systematically.  Experience in driving organizational change.  Restaurant experience a plus.  With more than 70,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience
 While a lot of experience developing software in a professional environment are required, we need a person who is able to learn new things quickly.  Therefore, previous experience with HL7, FHIR and/ or similar data exchange protocols used in the medical sector are a must.  Experience designing or working on cloud services or other highly scalable & reliable software is a plus.  Ability to communicate clearly and succinctly both in written and spoken English is a must.  Experience working with a distributed team is a plus.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Software development at senior experience level.  in Computer Science or relevant work experience.  Experience: 5+.  Required Skills:.  3 years of software development experience.  Experience in solution development utilizing HL7, FHIR or similar medical data exchange protocols.  Ability to get things done.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Ability to work in distributed locations across world.  Preferred Skills:.  Server development experience;.  UX /  Usability engineering experience;.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence (Atlassian toolset).  Familiarity with Git based version control systems.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.  Some experience with medical data exchange protocols
 Expert-Level).  Expert-level Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Integration Engineers are responsible for leading the development of program and project integration solutions across the enterprise and determining integration/ interface requirements.  Bachelors degree or higher in Engineering, Computer Science, Imagery Analysis, or related STEM degree program, or related equivalent additional experience.  Experience in government or industry integrating systems that process SAR data.  18+ years of experience working in government or industry in relevant work areas including: DoD/ IC Acquisition Process, Requirements Process, PPBES Process or systems engineering of large complex System of Systems or Service Oriented Architecture environments residing in cloud, on premise, or hybrid infrastructures.  Masters degree or higher in Engineering, Computer Science, Imagery Analysis, or related STEM degree program.  Experience Integrating solutions using structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience Integrating solutions using Automation, Augmentation and Artificial Intelligence technologies.  Experience Integrating solutions using Cloud-based technologies.  Previous NGA and/ or NSG/ ASG program/ project work experience.  Previous IC or DoD program/ project work experience
 You have experience in some of the following domains: Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Database Systems, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, Statistics, Game Theory, Auction Design, or other experience with rigorous Quantitative Analysis or Systems Software implementation.  You have experience developing in Python or Java.  You will lead a team of world-class machine learning engineers hungry to apply leading-edge technologies to deliver extraordinary experiences to our customers.  At Ad Platforms, we are constantly developing products to provide amazing user experiences and drive value for publishers and developers.  Experience.  BS/ MS/ PhD in Computer Science, Distributed Systems, Software Engineering, or related field; and experience designing, building, maintaining, and extending web-scale production systems.  Experience leading teams that deliver the infrastructure, frameworks, and components that support mission critical ML capabilities
 BS Computer Science, Computer Software Engineering, Information Technology, Statistics, or Mathematics required.  A minimum of 10 years' experience in a similar role.  Strong knowledge of database structure systems and data mining.  Excellent organizational and analytical abilities.  Experience & Skills.  Knowledge and experience of emerging technologies such as machine learning (ML), artificial intelligence (AI), natural language processing (NLP), robotic process automation (RPA), Python, and business intelligence tools such as Tableau and Alteryx.  Experience with LAMP (Redhat Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP) stack preferred.  Desired Certifications
 Experience: BA 10 - 15 years
 Experience: BA 4 - 9 years
 Experience: BA 7 - 12 years
 Requirements Requires Bachelor's degree5 or more years of technical /  testing experience Leads testing of software to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects.  Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences.  Excellent written and oral communication.  Excellent organization skills, being able to manage multiple projects at once.  Must be able to work eastern time zone and flexible hours during project releases Ownership of projects and be accountable for deliverables Project management experience.  Over the past 20 years, TA Digital has positioned clients to achieve digital maturity by focusing on data, customer-centricity and exponential return on investment; by melding exceptional user experience and data-driven methodologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning, we enable digital transformations that intelligently build upon the strategies we set into motion.  5000 list as one of the most successful technology companies in the United States, TA Digital is pleased also to share high-level strategic partnerships with world class digital experience platform companies like Adobe, SAP and Salesforce and possess global partnerships with industry leaders such as Sitecore, Episerver, Elastic Path, BigCommerce, AWS, Azure and Coveo
 Have demonstrated experience with DoD security hardening, collection and assessment tools (STIGs, ACAS SCAP, Nessus, etc. ) and experience with security architectures, firewalls and network access, cybersecurity documentation and system authorization artifacts (System Security Plan, lifecycle documentation, continuous monitoring plan, Security Assessment Plan, Security Assessment Report, Risk Assessment, etc.  Experience: BA 4 - 9 years
 Have demonstrated experience with DoD security hardening, collection and assessment tools (STIGs, ACAS SCAP, Nessus, etc. ) and experience with security architectures, firewalls and network access, cybersecurity documentation and system authorization artifacts (System Security Plan, lifecycle documentation, continuous monitoring plan, Security Assessment Plan, Security Assessment Report, Risk Assessment, etc.  Experience: BA 7 - 12 years
 The ideal candidate will be able to provide solutions that are highly scalable, extensible, and easy to maintain while keeping the overall end user experience in mind.  3+ years of Salesforce development experience with Apex, Visualforce, triggers, batch Apex and Salesforce APIs.  3+ years of experience configuring Salesforce using workflows, validation rules, roles & profiles, reports and dashboards.  Experience writing Apex classes, VisualForce pages, and process builder.  Experience integrating 3rd party applications.  Database experience writing queries in SQL/ SOQL.  Experience integrating Salesforce with other applications using SOAP, REST, BULK APIs.  Experience with Salesforce DX.  Other software development experience is a plus.  Experience with other ISV products is a plus.  Experience with Data Loader or various ETL tools a plus.  Certified Salesforce Administrator or equivalent experience.  Certified Salesforce Platform Developer or equivalent experience.  Certified Salesforce Platform App Builder or equivalent experience
 Experience: BA 7 - 12
 Validate licenses relating to multiple Enterprise License Agreements (ELA) across NETCOM world-wide and local license purchases for software supporting NETCOM enterprise capabilities, executing data calls and other information-gathering efforts to determine baseline number of licenses for a given vendor and product.  Use, update and maintain the NETCOM software license database including: Software License Status Report, and NETCOM License Validation Report provided using Microsoft Excel and validating all software license, expiration dates, and license to machine mapping.  Experience: BA 4 - 9
 NCI: As a Senior Cyber Security Engineer (Security Engineer IV), you will provide Security Engineering and Security Control Assessor-Validator (SCA-V) support services to the 7th Signal Command-Theater located at Joint Base San Antonio, TX (106th Signal Brigade).  Experts (SMEs) as well as non-technical management personnel to ascertain the security posture of an IT system Identifies mitigating factors for identified risks and proposes additional mitigation strategies for identified vulnerabilities Evaluates a wide array of IT devices for Security Technical Implementation Guide (STIG) compliance using ACAS/  Nessus, SCAP Compliance Checker, and manual checklist reviews.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a similar field with at least seven (7) years of related experience in the fields of security engineering, cyber security, or information assurance; two (2) years of hands-on SCA-V experience may be substituted in lieu of a degree Current Information Assurance (IA) certification (required at performance start date): DoD 8570 IAM Level II (CAP, CISSP (or Associate), CASP CE, CISM, GSLC), or higher Current Computing Environment (CE) certification (required at performance start date): MCITP, MCSE, MCP, CCNA-Security, CEH, etc.  Experience with eMASS and a strong understanding of the CNSSI 1253 CCIs.  Experience with Security Content Default Protocols (SCAP) Compliance Checker (SCC), NESSUS (ACAS), Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) scanners (that is, tools utilized to meet DoD Security Configuration Compliance Validation.  Experience:. Army-approved network and boundary defense mechanisms such as routers, switches, firewalls and intrusion detection/ intrusion prevention systems such as those made by Cisco, Juniper, or other network and boundary defense equipment and software vendors Army-approved Virtual Private Network (VPN) hardware- and software-based systems Army-approved Proxy Server such as Bluecoat Proxy Army-approved Data at Rest applications such as Microsoft BitLocker, or Microsoft EFSArmy-approved mobile devices, such as laptops, personal digital assistants (PDAs), and handheld smart devices such as Blackberry-like devices Army Common Access Card (CAC)/ Public Key Infrastructure and alternate smart-card requirements Wireless tools, technology, and Wireless Intrusion Detection requirements and tools (Flying Squirrel)RMF (or RMF) requirements for McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator and Host-Based Security System (HBSS) Video Teleconference (VTC) equipment Army-approved email solutions such as Microsoft Exchange any other Army approved tools or technology that would be found on most ICANs
 Precision Lenders Platform Team is looking for a highly skilled, full stack software engineer with strong experience in MS Azure Resource technologies.  8+ years of software development experience in the Microsoft stack of technologies preferably with C#, SQL and .  BS in Computer Science or Engineering or additional experience in the field.  High level of proficiency in at most of our Core Technologies below.  Some experience using some form of source control and unit testing.  Experience troubleshooting and taking responsibility for small features, from design to user delivery.  Experience.  Regardless of experience level, all of our engineers strive to learn more then they knew yesterday.  We encourage growth of leadership and communication skills and encourage engineers at all levels of experience to both take ownership of increasingly harder work and to work directly with users on small features and bugs.  MS SQL Server /  T-SQL, Windows Azure SQL.  Regardless of experience level, all of our engineers strive to learn more then they knew yesterday.  8+ years of software development experience in the Microsoft stack of technologies preferably with C#, SQL and .  BS in Computer Science or Engineering or additional experience in the field.  High level of proficiency in at most of our Core Technologies below.  Some experience using some form of source control and unit testing.  Experience troubleshooting and taking responsibility for small features, from design to user delivery.  Experience.  Regardless of experience level, all of our engineers strive to learn more then they knew yesterday.  We encourage growth of leadership and communication skills and encourage engineers at all levels of experience to both take ownership of increasingly harder work and to work directly with users on small features and bugs
 Looking for an experienced Citrix Engineer to support our IMS WEST Access Team.  In-depth experience in implementing and supporting Citrix XenDesktop 7x, Citrix XenApp 7x, Citrix Store Front, Citrix Netscalers, VMware, Nutanix, and Virtual Desktop Infrastructure Deployments.  Responsible for ensuring that the clients performance, security, user experience, reliability, availability, and all other functional and non-functional requirements are met.  Must be Proactive and responsive.  Bachelor's degree.  Minimum 10 years experience with the implementation and administration of Citrix and VMware Enterprise Products.  Knowledge and experience with Nutanix hardware and AHV preferred.  Experience with HPE Moonshot a plus.  We truly believe our employees diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients
 Experience: C#, highly desirable: 4 years (Preferred)designing & implementing an AI decision framework: 4 years (Preferred)Unity3D: 3 years (Preferred)Machine Learning: 4 years (Preferred)Artificial Intelligence: 4 years (Preferred).  Excellent C++ programming & systems design skills: 5 years (Preferred)AI & game-play development: 3 years (Preferred)3D Game Engines, preferably Unity 3D: 4 years (Preferred)OpenGL: 3 years (Preferred).  Strong grasp on Math for Game Development, Linear Algebra: 4 years (Preferred)working on applications of machine learning with strong to e: 4 years (Preferred)Contract Length:1 year Work 
Work with a team of engineers and help meet tight deadlines Requirements A degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 5-7 years of experience building web applications Prior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineer Solid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAX Skilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/ Hadoop/ Hive/ HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. Hands-on experience with Python, Java or AI Algorithms Contribution to open-source projects Experience: Software Development: 6 years (Required) PHP: 4 years 
 Success in this role will require a combination of skills in people management, client management, analytics and critical thinking.  Will you be next? Location: West Coast, Chicago, Boston and Northern NJConsulting Practice PROFILE RESPONBILITIES: Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with Solution for Patient Centricity to sales and marketing problems: ì¨Œ Marketing mix modelling & promotion responseì¨Œ Commercial Model Design, Sales Force Sizing and Structureì¨Œ Patient analytics using Real-World Data sources such as anonymized longitudinal patient claims data, lab/ diagnostic testing data, etc. ì¨Œ Territory Alignment, Sales Call Planning, Incentive Compensation Required Skills/ .  Experienceì¨Œ Advanced degree, MBS, M.  Demonstrated leadership skills in managing and developing peopleì¨Œ Good project, time and resource management skills to deliver projects and large engagements on time and within budgetì¨Œ .  Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills, with experience structuring solutions to business problems involving data and advanced analyticsì¨Œ .  Excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise languageì¨Œ Exceptional client interaction and client relationship management skillsì¨Œ .  Familiarity with a range of advanced analytics techniques, including predictive analytics, AI/ Machine Learning, and optimizationì¨Œ .  Exposure to /  experience working with large data setsì¨Œ .  Familiarity with Pharmaceutical data sets such as prescriber-plan data, patient level data, transactional claims, EMR/ EHR data, SPP Hub data, diagnostic data etc.  Experience: Advanced Analytics Modeling: 7 years (Required)Education: Master's 
 Certification In one or more of these areas; CompTIA Network+/  MS Windows Server Certifications/  CCNA, or other similar certifications, strongly desired.  6+ years of experience using Active Directory/ LDAP user and group administration in medium sized companies.  Strong Powershell/ Automation skills a must.  Strong in Linux/ UNIX administration.  Ability to troubleshoot network issues including backbone infrastructure issues.  Previous hands-on experience working with VMware.  AWS experience.  Founded in 2014 with a legacy in space exploration, Beyond Limits is transforming proven technologies from Caltech and NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory into advanced AI solutions, hardened to industrial strength, and put to work for forward-looking companies on earth
 10+ years of related experience.  College Degree or equivalent experience.  Strong business acumen with a tech savviness.  Ability to work hands-on in a fast-paced environment with little supervision.  Passion for and familiarity with emerging capabilities, especially the AI /  ML domain.  Management consulting experience in areas such as strategy, program management, change management, process management, etc.  Proven success leading and implementing a broad range of strategic and tactical initiatives.  Strong quantitative, analytic and project management skills.  Excellent presentation and oral communication skills.  Ability to travel ~ 25%.  Ability to translate complex ideas and concepts into easily understandable information
 Our senior data scientists work directly with each line of business and other analytics teams to solve complex and unique business problems by building state-of-the-art models and tools to support business growth and improve customer experience.  The ideal candidate should be able to work effectively with internal clients to better understand their business needs, dissect complex problems, propose appropriate quantitative solutions, analyze the needs and behaviors of present and prospective customers, and develop data-driven solutions to improve customer experience and achieve business objectives.  Solid quantitative/ programming background with a graduate degree (Phd or Master) in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or Operations Research.  5+ years hands on experience developing and applying statistical/ predictive methods using large data sets.  Hands on experience with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.  Excellent quantitative, analytical and problem solving skills.  Knowledge of statistical analysis (regression, decision trees, clustering, experimental design etc.  Ability to write code and develop production-ready analytical applications.  Significant experience working with large scale structured and unstructured data.  Extensive experience in Python, R, SAS, SQL, BigSQL, etc.  Experience in working in cloud environment preferred.  Strong written and oral communication skills, proven ability to convey the results of complex analyses in a clear and concise manner using business language.  Consultative experience is a plus.  Retail and Financial services industry experience preferred
 5+ years of experience with basic SQL for data manipulation or the SAS Institutes statistical analysis software packages.  1+ years of experience with software management and data retrieval.  Experience with public health, epidemiology, population health, or developing and deploying clinical performance metrics in a health environment.  Experience with working in a direct client-facing consulting role and building trust with clients.  Experience with using data and predictive modeling to provide recommendations to clients in a healthcare setting.  Knowledge of Tableau or Qlik.  Ability to lead the development of briefings and technical reports for senior organizational leadership.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  MA or MS degree in Public Health, Epidemiology, CS, Mathematics, or a health research field or 5 years of experience with public and population health, data analytics, or informatics fellowship in lieu of a degree.  Experience in working with DoD and Air Force clients.  Experience with working in healthcare quality improvement.  Ability to operate on shift work, evening, weekend schedules, and on-call hours to support mission
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer/ Electrical Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience).  7+ years of hands-on experience with UNIX/ Linux server environments.  Strong Linux systems administration skills and experience with open source technologies.  Proven skills in software application build, installation, and optimization in Linux clusters and other environments.  Ability to communicate clearly and effectively.  Strong knowledge of High Performance Computing (HPC) application development.  Strong familiarity with Kubernetes or Red Hat OpenShift.  Familiarity with data science tools, such as Jupyter notebooks.  Familiarity with accelerated computing technologies (e
 Drive the maturity of the BSA/ AML/ Sanctions Program strategy and roadmap which includes identifying and managing innovation initiatives including performing proof-of-concepts, conducting industry research, analyzing vendors and tools.  Maintains awareness of BSA, OFAC, USA PATRIOT Act and current related regulations, directives, and guidance as it impacts FCRM processes, systems and technology.  Experience Requirements.  An undergraduate degree in a related field or an equivalent combination of training and experience.  Seven years BSA/ AML/ OFAC and compliance experience, including seven years testing and validating BSA/ AML/ OFAC models, seven years tuning and optimizing BSA/ AML monitoring and detection systems and seven years in a leadership or management role.  Seven years management consultant experience (preferably from a Big-4).  One year of FinTech tools experience including cross-border AML technology, RPA/ Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence toolsets.  Knowledge of FinTech/ RegTech concepts and trends.  Knowledge of financial math, financial economics and/ or statistics, including clustering and factor analysis.  In depth understanding of BSA/ AML and OFAC regulatory requirements, technology, and data analysis best practices to guide decision making and execution of AML technology and enterprise wide AML initiatives.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Strong problem solving, critical thinking and analytical skills with the ability to apply defined methodology to monitoring processes.  Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.  Team player able to work effectively in a team fostered, multi-tasking environment (preferably with experience related to Agile-based projects)
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience and in-depth knowledge of and experiences with cost estimating, BOE generation, schedule/ cost management is required.  Excellent written, verbal and communication skills are required.  Solid leadership experience (includes knowledge of system engineering, software dev, test and delivery) and good overall technical knowledge base.  Experience leading program reviews with customer to discuss cost, schedule and technical performance.  Proven project management skills, including cost and schedule management and the ability to effectively multi-task and meet demanding schedules.  Proficiency with earned value management, including specific CAM experience.  Prior leadership (EM/ EPM or DPM/ PM or RTE/ PO) experience.  Desired Skills:.  Experience managing/ leading NGA programs, with specific experience in the Mission Solutions arena with knowledge of upcoming deliveries and milestones.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional
 Strong programming skills in C/ C++.  Solid work or research experiences with state-of-the-art mapping and localization algorithms.  Masters Degree in Computer Science, or Mathematics, or equivalent with 3+ years experience.  Knowledge of 3d geometry and non-linear optimization is required.  Knowledge of LiDAR, GPS, IMU, and wheel encoder is preferred
 3-5 years of experience in strategy, consulting, or product development role.  Ability to work in fast-paced environment while managing multiple projects with fixed deadlines.  Ability to function effectively in cross-functional role, as well as present findings to key decision makers and management
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science Engineering or Electrical Engineering5+ years of technical product management experience building successful enterprise products5+ years of experience in managing cloud computing products and service at scale5+ years experience exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and defining system architectures.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Functional experience and depth with contact center technologies.  Masters in Business Administration.  Proven track record of understanding customer needs, taking a product from conception, definition phase through Engineering design and Go to market Track record of high-scale technology launches ??e.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery Understand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively
3+ years of programming experience with at least one modern language such as Java, C++, or C# including object-oriented design2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability and scaling) of new and current systems4+ years of professional software development experience BS in Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of industry experience.  Experience building scalable infrastructure software or distributed systems for commercial online services.  Creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Data & Computer Science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems.  MS in Computer Science. Analytical abilities and proven design skills. Mastery of the tools of the trade, including a variety of modern programming languages (Java, JavaScript, C/ C++, Objective C, Python, Ruby, C).  Experience developing cloud software services and an understanding of design for scalability, performance and reliability.  Experience in web/ front-end development.  Experience building Machine Learning pipelines for pattern recognition, clustering. Development experience defining, developing and maintaining REST based interfaces.  Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive
 Experience Requirements:.  Knowledge of products, solution or service offerings as well as competitor's offerings to be able to sell large, complex solutions.  5+ years High-Performance Computing & AI ecosystem experience with a focus on HPC system integration and services sales5+ years people leadership experience and capabilities to in High-Performance Computing & AI ecosystem Driving transformation and business growth through High-Performance Computing & AI channels Deep insight into High-Performance Computing & AI market
Retention Science is looking for an experienced software engineer who is passionate about writing clean, well-tested code.  5+ years experience with Ruby on Rails preferred (Or want to work with Ruby and Python services).  Experience designing and implementing large, scalable web applications /  micro-services.  Experience integrating 3rd party APIs.  Experience creating robust, RESTful APIs.  Experience scaling internal engineering processes (we are a very reflective and iterative team).  Experience working with large datasets /  databases, scaling memory-intensive applications.  Startup work experience a major plus!.  Plus if youve had experience building data pipelines, data warehouses, analytics platforms
