 Semantic Scholar uses artificial intelligence to extract the semantics, or meaning, of scientific literature and surface it to our users through a discovery experience that helps them understand science more effectively than any other tool.  Masters and Undergraduate students in computer science are invited to apply for an internship on the Semantic Scholar team year-round.  We value diversity ??We seek to hire, support, and promote people from all genders, ethnicities, and all levels of experience regardless of age.  We value inclusion ??We understand the value that people's individual experiences and perspectives can bring to an organization, and we are building a culture in which all voices are heard, respected and considered.
 Are pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or similar majors best suited for this position.  Strong interest in technology and enjoys solving problems with analytical solutions.  Dashboard and report development experience.  Must attach a resume to your application and should indicate anticipated graduation date and current GPA.  Must not require visa sponsorship now or in the future and must be authorized to work in the United States.
 Strong work ethic is a must.  Must have a winning mentality, be reliable, honest, and trustworthy.  Excellent written and verbal skills.  Knowledge of Marketing, Communications, or proficient practical experience.  Ability to meet goals & deadlines under pressure while multitaskingFlexible schedule, work irregular hours in a fast-paced setting; occasional work nights/weekendsAbout the Founder & CEO:You will have a unique opportunity to work with Franklin Urteaga, the Founder & CEO of Oigetit Fake News Filter.  Experience:social media: 1 year (Preferred)office: 1 year (Preferred)social media marketing: 1 year (Preferred)digital marketing: 1 year (Preferred)marketing: 1 year (Preferred)Additional Compensation:Other formsWork Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:NoneSchedule:OtherCompany's website:www.
Ideal candidate must have a bachelors degree in business or marketing. Proficient with the MSOffice, particularly Excel and PowerPoint.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Ability to explain key concepts in a precise and efficient manner will be critical.
 Pursuing degree in English, Engineering, or other technical or communications related fields.  Ability to research and organize process work steps in a concise and discernible manner.  Ability to quickly grasp technical concepts and translate them into clear, easy-to-understand content.  Must be detail-oriented, have excellent organizational skills, and the ability to work with minimal supervision and collaborate as part of a team.  Must have strong written and verbal communication skills.  High proficiency in Microsoft tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook).  Ability to obtain DoD security clearance- US Citizenship required.  Experience reviewing, defining, and/or analyzing technical requirements a plus.  Familiarity with programming and Linux systems.
 Must be a US Citizen (eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance, if needed).  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Academic or professional experience in some or all of the following areas preferred:.  School experience is sufficient.
 Must be a US Citizen (eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance, if needed).  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Academic or professional experience in some or all of the following areas preferred:.  Object-oriented software design and development in Java technologies and web design and development, particularly with Javascript, HTML/CSS, and familiarity with Underscore, D3, AngularJS or SASS.
 Strong background in using leadership-class computing facilities to solve scientific challenges.  Ability to document results in publications, technical reports, and scientific presentations.  RD2: Bachelor Degree + 5 years of experience, or .  Masters Degree + 3 years of experience or a PhD, or equivalent.
 Expertise.  Advanced experience in general programming skills in one or more of these languages: Java, Javascript, Python, C++, Node.  Expertise.  Advanced experience in Data Mining/Automated .  Advanced experience in characterization and validation of cognitive systems via User studies.  Experiences.
 At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly.  Combining groundbreaking machine learning and computer vision techniques with next-generation hardware, our teams take user experiences to the next level.  Expertise in at least one area of computer vision, machine learning, and computer graphics (e.  Strong experience in building early stage products.  Ability to distill vague product experiences into concrete problem definitions.  Experience.  Must be enrolled in a PhD or .  Masters program in Computer Vision, Computer Science, or related field, with significant experience in state-of-the-art computer vision, machine learning and pattern recognition fields.
 Ability to create orchestration workflows that.  Currently pursuing a MS or BS in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent experience.  Knowledge/ development experience of popular Big Data and Machine Learning frameworks.  Experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as familiarity with a.  Familiarity with OO design and implementation.  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.  Experience in implementing ETL process.  Experience with Scala build systems: maven, ant, sbt.  Familiarity with AWS lambda, Athena & s3.
3 personnel requirements1) bachelor degree or above, major in marketing or computer is preferred;2) relevant working experience is preferred;3) responsible for learning new technology of Self-Marketing, practical project development, application technology research and providing IT services for customers.
 In this position the candidate will gain invaluable experience which will allow growth and expanded opportunities within this business group as well as future possible opportunities with other business groups within Intel.  Must be pursuing MS or Ph.  Knowledge of Kubernetes, Containers, Linux.  Knowledge of Intel Processor Architecture.  Experience with performance analysis tools.  Programming experience of Python, C/C++, Java.  Hands on experience with cloud programming.  Experience with Machine Learning algorithms.
 Experts and Technical Process Owners in the cybersecurity and infrastructure services technical domains.  Must be a US Citizen.  Must be determined suitable for federal employment.  Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.  Failure to fully and concisely describe how your experience meets the competencies described in the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) and Mandatory Technical Qualifications will eliminate you from consideration. They are designed to assess executive experience and potential - not technical expertise.  Demonstrated technical expertise and experience in the initiation, planning, conduct, and coordination of large-scale engineering, development, test, and evaluation programs.  Knowledge of engineering processes for development, test, evaluation, and delivery in matters regarding system-of-systems engineering, cybersecurity, architectures, test and evaluation, software development, and capability delivery.  Ability to incorporate modern agile development practices into programs and deliver warfighter capabilities at greater velocity.  Knowledge of cyber resilient systems and systems management and the application of these technologies within the Navy operating environment.  Ability to apply engineering rigor while supporting the delivery of warfighting capabilities within the constraints of the Department of Defense (DoD) Acquisition System.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.  -or- Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering.  Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico; or (III) Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A.  The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A; or (IV) Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e. , engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance.  Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.  Successful completion of a bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  SES members possess a diverse portfolio of experiences including strong skills to lead across organizations.  A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee.  Qualification and experience determinations will be based only on the information supplied by the applicant.  Applicants that meet the basic qualifications requirements will be evaluated based on the quality and extent of their experience, training, and/or education indicated in the separate narrative statement.  Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments.  GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.  Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required.
 All of these require developing and applying marketing and communication skills in social media marketing, content generation, SEO, influencer marketing, and content promotion.  They should have specific skills and experiences, including:.  Applicants should have particular skills and experiences, including:.  Bachelors Degree in business, economics, marketing, or marketing communications discipline.  Demonstrated understanding and application of core marketing principles through project work or other experiences.  Customer focus and related experience.  Excellent writing and communication skills to support blog & social media copywriting.  Expert knowledge of social media platforms, including LinkedIn, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter, blogs, etc.  including content generation experience.  Familiarity with digital marketing channels and demand generation.  Video editing (Adobe creative suite experience) is preferred.  WordPress experience preferred.  Fintech knowledge/experience is preferred.
 A strong candidate will be pursuing a degree in a quantitative discipline and will have a demonstrated ability to interact with a diverse set of stakeholders.  2 years of college coursework completed, working towards bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline.  Familiarity with concepts such as predictive analysis, cloud computing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, & Bayesian analysis.  Excellent communication skills including the ability to identify and communicate data.  Strong knowledge of sports league structures, rules, current trends, recent sports analytics research, and associated data.
 3+ years of accounting experience.  Must very organized and able to multi-task.  Experience with Quickbooks and Google sheets.  Software implementation experience a plus.
 Five9 provides businesses reliable, scalable and secure cloud contact center software designed to create exceptional customer experiences, increase agent productivity and deliver tangible business results.  At Five9 we are committed to providing an exceptional experience for our interns.  Scheduled lunches and activities ensure you meet a broad range of people, learning from different perspectives and experience.  Coursework and project experience in natural language processing, natural language understanding, and speech recognition using deep learning techniques.  Experience with general machine learning tools to build models and analyze data (i.  Familiarity with NLP packages such as NLTK, SpaCy, Gensim, Scikit-Learn.  Familiarity with at least a few key areas of NLP, such as LDA, TF-IDF, embedding techniques (i.  Coursework and practice experience in core machine learning concepts, including classic techniques (i.  Nice to have: experience with Google Cloud Platform (GCP), speech recognition, natural language, Auto ML, and DialogFlow (formerly api.  Extra Credit: familiarity with Amazon Lex, IBM Watson tools for ASR/NLP.  Familiarity with open source ASR toolkit such as Kaldi, Sphinx.
 Must be 1st year MBA student.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent organizational skills.
 Ultimately, you will gain broad experience in marketing and should be prepared to enter any fast paced work environment.  Must be MBA student.  Strong desire to learn along with professional drive.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent organizational skills.
 Expertise.  Advanced experience in general programming skills in one or more of these languages: Java, Javascript, Python, C++, Node.  Expertise.  Advanced experience in Data Mining/Automated .  Advanced experience in characterization and validation of cognitive systems via User studies.  Experiences.
 Compute North is seeking a Finance/Administrative Assistant with 2-5 years of experience to join our Finance team to help support our growth! We are looking for someone who is independent, highly detailed with proven accuracy when dealing with confidential and financial information.  Experience.  2+ years of professional level financial experience including AP and AR a plus but not required.  NetSuite experience a plus, but not required.  Proven ability to clearly communicate with all levels of the organization, including C-suite.  Ability to be productive in a fast-paced environment with dynamic workdays and changing prioritize.  Led by an experienced management team with deep experience in technology, finance, and energy, the company has been on an extremely fast growth track.
 Required Skills/Abilities:.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.  Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.  Excellent independent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines.  Must be reliable and extremely trustworthy.  Ability to maintain confidential and meticulous records.  Experience:.  High school diploma or equivalent required; Associate's degree in office administration or related field preferred.  At least three years of administrative and clerical experience required.  In case being an integral part of a world-class innovative robotics and artificial intelligence company is not enough compensation, ACR offers a competitive wage that is commensurate with experience and education.
 Strong programming skills (e.  Experience with classic ML and deep learning methods.  Must be diligent and get work done, but we do respect powder days.  Experience with Tensorflow or other deep learning framework.  Experience with reinforcement learning, route finding and search algorithms.  Experience with data mining methodologies & statistical methods.  Experience with modeling and algorithm development.  Experience with autonomous systems.  Experience with Swift (even better, Swift for Tensorflow).  Hourly Wage, TBD based on experience.  We turn complex building automation into a simple plug-and-play experience, improving the profitability of automation installers by 2X, and allowing them to execute at scale.
 Experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, data visualization, or graph algorithms in academic or internship environments.  Knowledge of R, Python, SAS, or SPSS for data analysis.  Ability to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree.
 Our ideal candidate also has previous experience as an Executive Assistant and is familiar with office management technologies.  Ability to support the CEO and others in a highly dynamic, ever changing environment with multiple demands, heavy workload, and high-pressure deadlines.  3-5+ years work experience as an Executive Administrative Assistant supporting C level executives required.  High proficiency with office software including Microsoft Office, Outlook and other applications including: PowerPoint, Word, Visio and Excel.  Extensive experience managing individual schedules and meeting management.  Travel logistics experience required, domestic and international.  Experience supporting a sales organization is a plus.  Experience Requirements.  Bachelor's degree required.  Strong work tenure: 2-5 years of experience supporting C-Level Executives. 4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.
 RTI's Internship Program emphasizes experiential and mentored learning experiences, providing students and recent degree recipients an opportunity to apply their academic knowledge and skills in a meaningful and practical way.  Demonstrated experience in Unity development.
 RTI's Internship Program emphasizes experiential and mentored learning experiences, providing students and recent degree recipients an opportunity to apply their academic knowledge and skills in a meaningful and practical way.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.
 RTI's Internship Program emphasizes experiential and mentored learning experiences, providing students and recent degree recipients an opportunity to apply their academic knowledge and skills in a meaningful and practical way.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.
 Experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, data visualization, or graph algorithms in academic or internship environment.  Knowledge of R, Python, SAS, or SPSS for data analysis.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  BA or BS degree.
 Youve probably experienced the transformational power of education in your own life. This will be a valuable experience for any student looking for professional development with a technology company, or in the education industry.  Experience with database applications like Excel, Google Sheets, or even AirtableMore about the job: This is a part-time position (10-20 hours per week), though we are flexible if youd like to work more hours. 00 /hourEducation:High school or equivalent (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:NoneHours per week:10-19Typical start time:9AMTypical end time:5PMSchedule:OtherCompany's website:www.
 You Have:1+ years of experience with data analytics in professional or academic environment.  Ability to write code in multiple programming languages, including Python and one other modern language.  Ability to work independently on complex problems with evidence of doing so in past projectsSecret clearancePursuing a BA or BS degree in a STEM program or field.  Experience with conducting scientific research, publishing papers, or presenting work in a professional or academic environmentTop Secret clearancePursuing an MA or MS degree in a STEM program or field.
 Candidate must have experience with at least one high-level procedural programming language.  Experience:.  Experience:.  Experience with C++, C#, and/or Java preferred.  Experience with Lisp or Prolog preferred.
 Experience:Must currently be pursuing a degree in Software Engineering, Mobile Computing, Cloud Computing, Computational Linguistics, Computational Social Science, Behavioral Economics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or System Engineering, and have at least a 3. The candidate must have at least two-years of academic or professional software development experience in a modern software development language (such as Java, Ruby, Python, etc. )Additionally, the candidates must have demonstrated familiarity with at least one of the major database types to include relational databases, graph databases, NoSQL databases, or NewSQL databases.  Must have the ability of obtaining a DoD Security Clearance, U.  Required Skills:.  Ability to learn quickly.  Proficiency in receiving and delivering feedback.  Experience with designing and programming user interfacesCapability to read and write HTML, XML, delimited text, and JSON files.  Desired Skills:.  Familiarity with relational database systems such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, Mongo, NuoDB, PostgreSQL or GraphDBUnderstanding of JavaScript.
 RTI's Internship Program emphasizes experiential and mentored learning experiences, providing students and recent degree recipients an opportunity to apply their academic knowledge and skills in a meaningful and practical way.  Ability to learn new platforms and switch between different services (Azure, Amazon, Databricks, etc.  Ability to troubleshoot and develop code with other developers.  Experience with or ability to administer teams with Github and Jira.  Experience with cloud platforms including: Azure, Amazon, Google.  Experience with Open CV or other computer vision algorithms and code.
 Masters or PhD in a technical discipline with a focus on Statistics, Optimization, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Quantitative Finance or related fields graduating between December 2021 and August 2023.  Proficiency in Python programming experience using the Python machine learning stack: numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, etc.  Proficient programming skills with experience exploring large datasets.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills including a solid foundation of statistics knowledge.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills to report research results as well as methodologies.  Meaningful projects: Each project, advised by a trader, promotes a comprehensive learning experience and provides you with real-world work experience.  Mentorship: Youll build a professional relationship with an experienced mentor in your field.  Youll complete an options course taught by an experienced trader and participate in a technology immersion course to better understand how technology and trading intersect.
 1+ years of experience with data analytics in professional or academic environments.  Ability to write code in multiple programming languages, including Python and one other modern language.  Ability to work independently on complex problems with evidence of doing so in past projects.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  Scheduled to obtain a BA or BS degree in a STEM program or field by Spring/Summer 2021.  Experience with conducting scientific research, publishing papers, or presenting work in a professional or academic setting.  Scheduled to obtain a MA or MS degree in a STEM program or field by Spring/Summer 2021.
We are seeking a candidate with a combination of skills including:ScalaJavaJavaScriptMongoDBAzureAWSPlay FrameworkThe tasks for this position may include:Interface with industry or government clientsDeploy and integrate our products on client baselinesThe requirements for this position include:A bachelor's degree or higher in a relevant degree programA combination of skills in the previously mentioned programming languagesA strong work ethic & professional demeanorJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $50,000.  Experience:Java: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Health insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleRelocation assistanceThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to Friday8 hour shiftCompany's website:https://www.
We are seeking a candidate with a combination of skills including:ScalaJavaJavaScriptMongoDBAzureAWSPlay FrameworkThe tasks for this position may include:Interface with industry or government clientsDeploy and integrate our products on client baselinesThe requirements for this position include:A bachelor's degree or higher in a relevant degree programA combination of skills in the previously mentioned programming languagesA strong work ethic & professional demeanorJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $50,000.  Experience:Java: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Health insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleRelocation assistanceSchedule:Monday to Friday8 hour shiftCompany's website:https://www.
 Manage the model development lifecycle, including both working with IT partners to identify what data are needed, and training the business end-users on how to leverage the modeling outputPrepare documentation, reports, and presentations that explain advanced analytics concepts, technology, and inner workings of solutions to broader teams including non-technical audiencesJob Qualifications1 year experience in solving complex business problems (retail experience required) using data science, statistical techniques & machine learning to build predictive & prescriptive solutionsMS required or PhD preferred in a quantitative field such statistics, econometrics, operations research, computer science, applied mathematics.  Experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets.  Experience in executing on complex projects, extracting, cleansing, and manipulating large, diverse structured and unstructured data sets on relational ??SQL, NOSQL databasesWorking knowledge of machine learning/artificial intelligence.  These technical skills include, but not limited to, regression techniques, neural networks, decision trees, clustering, pattern recognition, probability theory, stochastic systems, Bayesian inference, statistical techniques, deep learning, supervised learning, unsupervised learning2+ years of hands-on experience with programming languages such as R, Python and common machine learning packages such as dplyr, gbm, glmnet, randomForest, caret, H2o, Numpy, Pandas, scikit-learn, keras, tensorflow, etc.  Experience providing insights to support strategic decisions, including preparing and delivering insights and recommendationsJob Type: InternshipSalary: $20.  Experience:machine learning: 1 year (Required)Retail Analytics: 1 year (Required)Education:Master's (Required)Application Question:What is your work authorization (such as OPT, H1B, green card, citizen)?Work Location:One locationInternship Compensation:PayThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativitySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:https://www.
 You have relevant professional experience in running experiments and supporting researchers on a variety of topics.  You have very strong written and oral communication skills in both German and English.  Salaries will be based on TV철D guidelines according to previous experience and qualifications.
 Experience and education requirements will vary significantly depending on the unique needs of the job.  Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences.  Pursuing a Master Degree in Computer Engineering or any related field of study.  Linux fundamentals, Scripting knowledge, familiarity with git, good communication skills.
 Nuance is seeking an experienced Executive Administrative Assistant to support our EVP, Healthcare and provide assistance to two SVPs within Healthcare leadership.  This candidate should have proven complex scheduling skills, excellent MS Office skills, strong operational skills, and global travel management experience.  Use judgment and experience to schedule, confirm and redirect meeting requests.  Experience: 5 or more years of experience as an Executive Assistant supporting the highest levels of executives (CEO, CSA, CPO, CFO).  Required Skills/.  Experience:.  Ability to work independently with minimal guidance to drive things forward.  Strong in MS Office Suite and expense tracking and management tools (i.  Experience taking the lead in coordinating larger customer events.  Strong attention to detail and ability to follow through with a high-level of accuracy.  Demonstrated experience exercising sound judgment and a high level of discretion with sensitive/confidential and proprietary information.
 Strong programming skills (e.  Experience with classic ML and deep learning methods.  Must be diligent and get work done, but we do respect powder days.  Experience with Tensorflow or other deep learning framework.  Experience with reinforcement learning, route finding and search algorithms.  Experience with data mining methodologies & statistical methods.  Experience with modeling and algorithm development.  Experience with autonomous systems.  Experience with Swift (even better, Swift for Tensorflow).  Hourly Wage, TBD based on experience.  We turn complex building automation into a simple plug-and-play experience, improving the profitability of automation installers by 2X, and allowing them to execute at scale.
 Experience with using programming languages, including Python, R, or Java to manipulate and analyze data.  Experience with using SQL to conduct complex database queriesTS/SCI clearance with a polygraphBA or BS degree.  Experience with training deep learning models for computer vision or natural language understanding using frameworks that include TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Keras.  Experience with using Apache Spark to aggregate and analyze large data sets from various sources.  Experience with using the Joint Enterprise Modeling and Analytics (JEMA) framework or technologies like Apache NiFi to develop data processing workflows.  Experience with developing web services or web applications using Python and Flask or JavaScript.  Knowledge of commercial Cloud services used by the ICMA or MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS, Data Analytics, or a related technical field.
Answer company phones and provide administrative support to staffRequired Skills.  Expertise in QuickbooksUnderstanding of accounting conceptsExcelOutlook Calendar and email.  Ability to adapt to frequently changing priorities and duties.  Experience in payroll processing using ADPWHY YOU SHOULD APPLYCompetitive Pay: SALARY commensurate with experiencePaid Holidays: Six paid federal holidays and two additional floating holidays to be used in a calendar year.  Experience:Accounting: 1 year (Required)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureSchedule:Monday to FridayBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligible.
 Strong work ethic is a must.  Must have a winning mentality, be reliable, honest, and trustworthy.  Excellent written and verbal skills.  Knowledge of Marketing, Communications, or proficient practical experience.  Ability to meet goals & deadlines under pressure while multitaskingFlexible schedule, work irregular hours in a fast-paced setting; occasional work nights/weekendsAbout the Founder & CEO:You will have a unique opportunity to work with Franklin Urteaga, the Founder & CEO of Oigetit Fake News Filter.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Receive growth opportunities and career mentoring from a diverse group of experienced professionals with opportunities for career advancement without sacrificing work/life balance.  Be at the core of a proven, respected tax team with a passion for what they do.  Ability to apply basic tax concepts to non-US jurisdictions.  Experience with tax treaty analysis and their interaction with domestic law.  Track record of proven business partnering.  Ability to provide business focused solutions to tax issues.  Experience working as part of a multi-national team.  Ability to risk assess in an ambiguous environment.  Excellent verbal and written communications.  Experience that will help in this role:.  Working experience with tax rules in Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, India, Malaysia, and EMEA.  Experience with indirect taxes including GST/VAT/consumption tax.  Experience supporting global mobility assignments.  Tax controversy experience.  10-years of tax experience ??Big 4 or large corporate experience preferred.  Ability to work with a multinational and cross functional team.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Strong focus on working as a team within tax as well as cross-functional groups.  Masters degree or equivalent preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Accounting/Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 5 ||.
 If you have strong software development skills in C, C++, and Python, experience with debuggers like gdb, Valgrind, windbg, understand network protocols and inter-process communication, and are capable of executing guided research tasks, we would like to explore your interest in joining us on our extraordinary journey.  Masters, or PhD degree in technical fields of study such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Security.  Prospective team members for this job posting must have skills in:.  Demonstrated skills in user-space or kernel-space developmentC, C++, Python software development.  Desired Skills:.  Developing cyber capabilities requires a broad spectrum of experience.  While we do not anticipate that everyone will have skill and expertise in all related technical areas, we do desire that team mates have some experience in one or more of the areas listed below.  If you do not have experience in these areas, you will be assessed for your ability to develop these skills:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.
 Must be currently enrolled in a .  Masters or PhD program at the University of Illinois, Urbana Champaign in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Physics, or related fields with a graduation date after December 2020.  Must be able to complete, at a minimum, a semester long internship in Fall 2020 (Aug ??December) or Spring 2021 (Jan ??May).  Proficiency in at least one programming language with libraries for or applications in scientific computing (such as: Python, R), and experience with some scientific computing libraries in that language (such as: pandas, scikit-learn, dplyr, caret).  Hands-on experience interrogating and analyzing large, multivariate data.  Experience contributing to projects centered around supervised machine learning or statistical inference, both in development and testing.  Knowledge of multiple techniques used in variable selection, dimension reduction, and feature engineering (such as: binning, PCA, normalization, power transforms, embedding, SVD, variable importance measures).  Knowledge of several supervised learning algorithms (such as: linear regression, GLMs, decision trees, neural networks, ensemble methods, mixed-effects models).  Knowledge of several time series models and machine learning techniques for forecasting (such as: ARIMA, ARCH/GARCH, kernel smoothing, ETS, TBATS).  Experience testing for seasonality, lag structure, heteroskedasticity, and multicollinearity in multivariate time-series data.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Strong presentation skills, with the ability to discuss the implications of highly technical solutions to a non-technical audience in an easy to understand way.  Experience as a developer on projects centered around supervised machine learning or statistical inference, both in development and testing, in a production setting.  Experience working in a cloud environment (such as: Amazon Web Services, Sagemaker), and knowledge of cloud infrastructure.  Knowledge of deep learning methods for time series forecasting such as LSTM.  Experience with deep learning libraries for scientific computing (such as: keras, tensorflow, pytorch, mxnet).  Experience with consumer, marketing, or sales data.  Ability to use independent judgement and discretion.
We are looking for an Administrative Assistant with a minimum of 5 years of experience who enjoys problem-solving and taking on new challenges in a next generation artificial intelligence products tailored for energy and environmental market customers in both foreign and domestic commercial/industrial markets.  Admin tasks will utilize knowledge and experience using Acclivity Accounting, Adobe, Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint/Word, and customer email/phone interface and support.  What you get to do every single day:Organize word processor docs, files, and faxesAnswer telephone and email correspondenceProvide help when needed with various projects for other employeesProficient computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, presentation software, as well as customer and vendor database systemsAt least 5 years of Administrative Assistant experience preferred.  Skills in internet research.  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)Domestic (Truck/FedEx/UPS) shipment execution tasksGlobal Ocean Container Export shipment execution tasksWe are a creative, dynamic company seeking an ambitious individual to come join our growing company.  Experience:Administrative Duties: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationHours per week:30-39Typical start time:10AMTypical end time:5PMSetting:OtherErgonomic Workspace:YesFinancial Duties:Expense reportsProcessing paymentsBillingPayrollPurchasingThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Interns will receive a structured 2-week long training that includes competency checklists and consistent feedback to ensure a successful experience.  Prioritizing the customer experience, ensuring their expectations are always met or exceeded.  This is a paid internship based on experience and contribution.  Gain experience working in a hospital setting with healthcare professionals learning hospital vernacular, structure, workflow, and how technology drives healthcare operations.  Experience working with some of the leading experts in robotics.
 Strong attention to detail.  Strong computer skills- No programming/coding experience required, just the ability to competently navigate and work within various computer applicationsDesire to learnWillingness to ask questions and openness to constructive adverse feedback.  Knowledge of the real estate and mortgage industry is ideal but by no means requiredWhats So Great About This Internship?Real responsibilities: For a company our size, every team member is critical?봧ncluding interns.
 The successful candidate will have a BS or higher degree in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar technical field.  Experience with sea tests, hardware, MATLAB, and Excel is required.
 Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences.  Must be pursuing a BS degree in Computer Science or related field.  Must have 3+ months experience with C/C++ programming languages.  Qt/Graphical User Interface programming experience.
 In addition, Related Vocational Training plus a minimum of 3 years administrative or business experience, or a minimum 5 years of administrative or business experience is required.  What youll experience:.  In addition, Related Vocational Training plus a minimum of 3 years administrative or business experience, or a minimum 5 years of administrative or business experience.  Ability to manage frequently changing schedules and appointments as well as coordinate multiple projects and tasks.  Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.  Strong writing and editing skills, vocabulary and grammar.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 the project to gain proficiency in project level knowledge.
 Must be able to work 32-40 hours a week and be located in EMEA.  Attending their 3rd or final year in a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Math or related technical field.  Ability to work in CET (Dutch) working hours.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently.  Experience in writing real-world applications in any major programming language.  Experience and/or interest in cybersecurity and bug-bounty topics.  Attending their final year in a Bachelor's degree OR any year in a Graduate Degree (.  Masters/Ph.  Ability to work in CET (Dutch) working hours.  Ability to speak and write in English fluently.  Experience in writing real-world applications in any major programming language.  Experience with solving real-world problems using machine learning and artificial intelligence preferred.
 Masters degree in Engineering.
 Strong written and verbal communications skills. 4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.
 Masters and Bachelor students may also be considered.  Masters, or .  Bachelors with relevant research experience) in Computer Science or related field.  Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment.  Publications or experience in machine learning, AI, computer vision, optimization, computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, or data science.  Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.  Ability to manipulate and analyze complex, large scale, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.  Experience in utilizing theoretical and empirical research to solve problems.  Ability to communicate complex research in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.  Experience building systems based on machine learning and/or deep learning methods.
 Experience listed below would be obtained through a combination of your school work/classes/research and/or relevant previous job and/or internship experiences.  Must be pursuing a MS in CS, CE or Analytics.  6+ months experience in the following:.
 Scientific and technical knowledge is not required, but a familiarity with such topics is preferable.  Strong economics skills and data analysis are preferred.
 Will be provided with hands-on work experience in the application of conceptual and theoretic curriculum within Software and Computing Systems.  Required Skills:.  Must be currently enrolled at least half-time at an accredited college or university pursuing a .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering.  Must be able to work between 8 and 30 hours per week.  Knowledge and experience with MS Office.  Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to work in a team environment.  Desired Skills:.  Prior internship experience in related software and computing systems discipline.  Ability to Obtain Work Authorization.
 Masters Degree in Electrical or Computer Science.  Must have learned computer architecture, operating systems and other embedded courses as a part of course curriculum.
 Experience in an analytics field, including data analytics, data science, mathematics, or statistics.  Experience with data gathering and analysis of large data sets.  Experience with programming languages, including Python or JavaScript.  Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation in dealing with ambiguous, fast-paced situations.  BA or BS degree.  Experience with data science using Tableau or Python.  Experience with machine learning libraries, including PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Pandas.  Experience with Cloud Computing services, including Amazon AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, or related services.  Experience with data visualization.  BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, or Computer Science.
 Your experience includes:.  3-5 years of experience in an administrative or support function.
 Experience with using programming languages to manipulate and analyze data, including Python, R, or Java.  Experience with using SQL to conduct complex database queries.  Experience with developing data visualizations, dashboards, or lightweight Web applications to communicate key insights.  Knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, including hypothesis testing.  Ability to apply supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms for clustering, classification, and dimensionality reduction.  Ability to communicate information to a senior executive audience in oral or written formatsTS/SCI clearance with a polygraphBA or BS degree.  Experience with training deep learning models for computer vision or natural language understanding using frameworks, including TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Keras.  Experience with using Apache Spark to aggregate and analyze large data sets from various sources.  Experience with using the Joint Enterprise Modeling and Analytics (JEMA) framework or Apache NiFi to develop data processing workflows.  Experience with developing Web services or Web applications using Python and Flask or JavaScript.  Knowledge of commercial Cloud services used by the ICMA or MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, CS, Data Analytics, or a related technical field.
