MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).  Practical software development and analytical skills in standard data science tools (such as ProgR, Julia or python) and database languages (e.  Significant hands-on experience analysing and interpreting data, drawing conclusions, defining recommended actions, and reporting results across stakeholders.  Knowledge of statistics and optimization techniques.  Experience of manipulating and analysing large high dimensionality unstructured biomedical datasets.  Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.  Excellent Communication, business analysis, and consultancy skills.  Demonstrated experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data.  Significant experience post-graduate degree in Machine Learning.  PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).  Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.  In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context.  Strong track record of delivering large, cross functional projects.  Experience in novel methods development and application.  Significant post-graduate degree in leading and delivering impactful data science projects.
7+ years design/implementation/consulting experience of distributed applications5+ years management of technical, customer facing architects5+ years experience in infrastructure architecture, database architecture and networkingTechnical degree required; Computer Science or Math background highly desired.  Amazon Web Services (AWS) is looking for experienced and collaborative pre-sales managers to coach, grow, and partner with technically skilled, customer-facing Solutions Architects.  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a Solutions Architect, technical pre-sales, or a similar role and experience managing a team of a Solution Architects.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen your skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.  Strong written communication skillsHigh level of comfort communicating effectively across internal and external organizations.  Experience working within software development or Internet-related industriesHistory of successful technical consulting and/or architecture engagements with large-scale customers or enterprises.  Familiarity with common enterprise services (Directory Services, Information Assurance, Virtual Desktop, etc.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud. Professional experience architecting/operating solutions built on AWS.
 Arrange appropriate assignments and experiences to support others' learning and development.  Experience:.  Knowledge/Skills:.  Demonstrates thought leader-level abilities with, and/or a proven record of success directing efforts as an engagement leader, with identifying and addressing client needs related to planning, designing, and implementing Oracle Cloud application solutions, including:.  Demonstrating proven track record of leading successful and large scale Oracle Cloud implementations with focus on building new business capabilities and transforming operations;.  Demonstrating proven record of success as engagement leader on numerous Oracle Cloud implementations, with various Oracle Cloud Applications, including prioritizing strategy, program/project plans and establishing successful delivery;.  Demonstrating proven record of business development, researching, identifying and closing opportunities on new/existing clients;.
 5+ years of experience in financial services, technology-enabled industries, and/or at a top tier management consulting firm.  Bachelor's degree in a related discipline; i.  Masters degree is a plus.  Knowledge and experience with common technologies in the analytics space such as Hadoop, Spark, and relational databases.  Experience with MPP databases preferred.  Experience working as an analyst using key statistical, SQL, and coding principles.  Experience with business intelligence tools (i.  Strong project management / agile skills ??the ability to manage multiple projects and prioritize work requirements to work in multi-disciplinary team setting.  Strong written and verbal communication skills, particularly with web or presentation content.  Ability to convey technical or complex material to business leaders.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills (problem structuring, driving to an answer, having a point of view).  Strong written/verbal communication and presentation skills written and oral presentation / communication skills ??the ability to convey complex information simply and clearly to senior business leaders.
 As a member of the digital product management team, you will have the opportunity to define and deliver a completely new client experience and drive new growth for the business through our next-generation digital gateway.  Skills we are seeking.  Ability to develop and implement new product offerings.  Experience with digital solutions, including web based and mobile platforms.  Strong product management skills to focus on a customer first mindset, lean product thinking and a focus on product adoption.  Strong project management, analytical, detail oriented, problem solving, and communication skills with both internal and external partnersHolistically understand core business problems and requirements from clients in order to deliver efficient and useful solutionsA track record demonstrating a high level of personal initiative, setting and executing challenging goalsWork incredibly well with cross-functional partners and in a matrix environment including partnering with TS Product, Sales, Analytics and Design teams to recognize key growth areas for the business and emerging client needs.  Ability to adeptly pivot opportunities based on new information and market opportunitiesTroubleshoot application issues and coordinate issue resolution across product and technology teams.  Strong interpersonal, communication and team-building skills.  Professional experiences (3+ years) that will set you apart.  3+ years of experience as a Product Manager, or similar technology-related role.  Bachelors degree or equivalent work experienceAdopt an agile mindset to oversee the team's product development efforts, ensuring the final product is functional, operational, and meets design and feature specifications.  Knowledge of Wholesale Payments products (Payments, Receivables, Liquidity, FX, Channels, Merchant Services).  Knowledge of emerging technologies as well as exposure to design thinking.  Experience in Agile and Iterative development methodologiesSome technical expertise in the past in building prototypes and pilot solutionsPassion for creatively solving problems and an entrepreneurial spirit.
 We act as partners to our customers by understanding their business challenges and collaborating closely to derive the most value out of our product while delivering high-quality customer experience.  Skills and .  Experience:.  5+ years experience in customer-facing enterprise program/project delivery, technical project delivery experience.  Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, ability to simplify complex concepts, extensive experience creating and delivering executive-level presentations.  Strong technical acumen (machine learning or data science collaboration experience a significant bonus) and business analysis skills.  Management consulting and start-up experience strongly preferred.  Our approach enables offers to become smarter and more effective with each customer interaction, resulting in a better experience.
 This is a hands-on technical development role for an experienced manager looking for the opportunity to prove themselves and advance their career.  The expectation is that the successful candidate will have significant development experience with business intelligence and reporting technologies.  This Manager will utilize their knowledge and experience to challenge, mentor, train, and work alongside team members while leading by example.  Team management experience, including setting and evaluating annual objectives.  Project management training and experience.  Ability to work effectively and collaboratively with diverse group of partners.  Requirements elicitation and translation into technical solution experience.  Waterfall and agile SDLC process experience.  Strong focus on QA processes.  Provide significant development experience with BI and reporting technologies.  Demonstrate familiarity with Artificial Intelligence and RPA.  Bachelors Degree in related field (Master's Degree preferred), plus 8-10 years of related experience.  Extensive development experience with tools like MicroStrategy, Tableau, Alteryx, Power BI, etc.  MS SQL Server database training and experience with complex SQL statement development.  Ability to understand and develop connectivity points between disparate datasets.  Test plan development and execution experience.  Ability to utilize historical data to facilitate strategic decisions.  Strong discernment and problem-solving ability.  Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.  Extensive hands on practical development experience across a variety of reporting and analytical toolsets.  Ability to ask hard questions and challenge technical assumptions with intellectual curiosity.  Ability to elicit detailed requirements.
 Bachelor's degree and 7+ years of experience in sales, preferably in the security industry.  Ability to prioritize a busy workload efficiently and work to detail.
 Ciscos CX Marketing team is looking for an experienced program lead/ product manager to lead the vision, strategy, execution, and evolution of COMPASS.  You are a very experienced, capable program manager/ product manager.  You have 10+ years of experience in customer experience/ delivery.  You understand and are experienced with SalesForce/ opportunity tracking.  Critical Skills/ Requirements.  Experience in managing a program, (all aspects), managing to deadlines, managing a contingent staff, cross functional and matric management.  Ability to drive feature development, document feature requirements, evaluate and manage business requirements, assess business justification, and prioritize requirements.  Ability to learn, understand business process flows, and to adapt COMPASS adoption to suit the needs to a wide range of requirements.  Excellent written and oral communication skills and work well within a team.
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or similar field and 8 years of experience.  Ability to apply advanced principles, theories and concepts comparable to those obtained with a Master's degree in a relevant field of study.  Strong knowledge of advanced cyber threats, active defensive cyber tools, active offensive attack surfaces and adversary methodologies.  Experience with enterprise architecture, software development, cyber operations, command and control systems, space control, space sensors and data exploitation, and astrodynamics.  Ability to think strategically about technical and operational challenges within a security organization and experience developing roadmaps and implementation plans for moving an organization forward.  Ability to develop new ideas and techniques that advance the state of the practice for cyber defensive operations.  Experience and knowledge are desired but not limited to the following areas: detection and/or cybersecurity analysis (e.  Ability to communicate complex, concepts, ideas in a confident and well-organized manner.  Experience in implementing cryptography, encryption, anti-tamper, and anti-spoofing technologies.  Knowledge of cross domain technologies and implementation.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree or Juris Doctor degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Substantial knowledge of applicable federal regulations (FAR/DFARS) and contracting experience with Prime Contractors as wells as all contract types.  Possesses substantial experience reviewing and analyzing contractual documents for accuracy, performance risk, and conformance with contract terms, conditions, and other provisions.  Ability to effectively interface with at the executive levels.  Experience with Intelligence Community customers and multiple contract types, such as CPAF, CPIF, FFP and T&M is preferred.  Experience in contracts utilizing agile development approaches a plus.  Ability to obtain a TS SCI clearance and a poly is required.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 4 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 4 years directly related experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 We act as partners to our customers by understanding their business challenges and collaborating closely to derive the most value out of our product while delivering high-quality customer experience.  Skills and .  Experience:.  5+ years experience in customer-facing enterprise program/project delivery, technical project delivery experience.  Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, ability to simplify complex concepts, extensive experience creating and delivering executive-level presentations.  Strong technical acumen (machine learning or data science collaboration experience a significant bonus) and business analysis skills.  Management consulting and start-up experience strongly preferred.  Our approach enables offers to become smarter and more effective with each customer interaction, resulting in a better experience.
 Education, skills and experience required.  Significant experience working in pharmaceuticals R&D or related scientific industry.  Demonstrable experience working as a data management or data leadership position.  We need you to be an experienced influencer, with expert relationship and business partnering skills up to senior leadership level.  Experience in and knowledge of medical research in at least one of the R&D therapy areas.  Knowledge of data management and data-privacy and legal obligations associated to data sharing.
 Bachelors degree with a minimum of 9 years of related experience; .  Masters degree with a minimum of 7 years of related experience; or PhD with a minimum of 5 years related experience.  Wide-ranging experience and advanced knowledge in the following areas: Cybersecurity Operations, Identity Management Systems, Network and Systems Architecture, UNIX, MAC and Windows systems administration.  In-depth knowledge and direct working experience with the following technologies: Splunk, Syslog, Artificial Intelligence Capabilities and data storage.  Experience architecting scalable systems and applications.  Excellent leadership skills, capable of synergizing, and guiding a team of highly technical individuals.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, capable of effectively capturing and communicating technical information at all levels.  Experience with at least one standard programming language: C, C++, Java, Python, PHP, Shell Scripting.  Additional Desired Skills:.  Knowledge of Laboratory policies and procedures, NASA policies and procedures, and government regulations across a range of applications.  Demonstrated experience working individually or within cross-functional teams supporting programs with lab-wide impact.  Experience leading technical teams on large-scale projects through completion.
 Proven Track Record ??Providing staffing services to major Systems Integrators including Accenture, Grant Thornton LLP and Deloitte LLP.  Experience mainly on IT Recruitment).  Should have a deep understanding of the US Staffing business processes and experience working with various Tier-1 Vendors, Direct Clients and Implementing Partner.  Bachelors degree and Five years proven track record in IT Staffing business development.  Excellent time management and organizational skills, with emphasis on priorities and goal setting.  Ability to handle pressure and meet deadlines.  Ability to communicate information, whether technical or non-technical to staff members and customers, in a clear and concise manner.  Must love to work in teams but be a top individual producer.  Strong proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and statistical analysis software.
 Leverages experience with, and thorough understanding of, the multi-year Planning, Programming, and Budgeting Execution (PPBE) process to provide decision-making recommendations to senior leadership.  Exercises a high degree of expertise as a Certified Project Manager with significant knowledge and experience in Project/Program/Product Management principles and best practices to solicit, formulate, execute and manage a $200 million system portfolio of new and diverse projects with an annual technology budget of $100 million.  Familiarity with Quality Management Systems, ISO 9001, and CMMI.  Experience: Applicants must also have one year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade (GS-14) in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.  Specialized experience is defined as work that involves: experience applying technology and business expertise in assessing risks and costs of solutions to meet business needs; analyzing budget and programmatic requirements to support implementation of business capabilities, including business case/needs and requirements for IT related investments; developing and executing management strategies to support the processing of claim or benefits related business applications or systems.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  In describing your experience, please be clear and specific.  We will not make assumptions regarding your experience.  Applicants who do not fully address the specialized experience needed for the position (as described above in the job announcement) in their resume or who do not possess the education to substitute for it will not be referred for consideration.  Knowledge of methods, techniques and tools to analyze program, organizational, and mission performance which are time sensitive and often controversial.  Knowledge of planning, coordination, and execution of business functions, resource allocation, and production.  Effective Written: Communication Skills Conveys written information in a clear, concise, organized, and convincing manner.  Oral Communication: Skills Verbally communicates idea and issues in a clear and convincing manner and receive feedback.  Information about an individual's employment experience will be used only to determine the person's qualifications and to assess his or her relative level of knowledge, skills, and abilities.  For qualifications determinations your resume must contain hours worked per week, the dates of employment, and the level of your experience.  Your transcript must contain the degree conferred date if you are substituting a degree for experience.
 Compensation: Competitive salary depending on experience paid bi-weekly.  Experience in managing technical projects.  Experience with implementing software projects to production teams.  Ability to work collaboratively with a diverse set of partners.  Desired Skills.  Familiarity with software engineering.  Familiarity with the field of machine learning/ AI specifically focused on visual imagery.  Previous experience with scientific data collection and management.  Experience in business strategy.
Compensation: Competitive salary depending on experience paid bi-weekly.  Experience in managing technical projects.  Experience with implementing software projects to production teams.  Ability to work collaboratively with a diverse set of partnersDesired Skills.  Familiarity with software engineering.  Familiarity with the field of machine learning/ AI specifically focused on visual imageryUnderstanding of data preprocessing methodologiesPrevious experience with scientific data collection and management.  Experience in business strategyTo ApplyPlease submit a cover letter, resume, and references by May 11, 2020.
 Experience: Minimum of 7 years in marketing or blended marketing roles.  Experience creatively developing a brand to match an organization's vision/mission/strengths with its key audiences in mind.  Experience promoting brand identity and developing branding policies.  Proven planning skills to develop and implement comprehensive, proactive marketing strategies that support institutional goals.  Proven ability to write, develop, and manage promotional materials and activities (print, online/web, multimedia, social networking).  Experience devising marketing & sales strategies based on market findings/analysis, using multiple channels/strategies for reaching a target audience and meeting goals.  Experience analyzing the operational and budget efficiency of various marketing strategies, mechanisms, alternatives.  Supervisory experience: hiring, training, evaluating and mentoring staff.  Experience promoting a positive work environment.  Strong interpersonal communication and demonstrated ability to establish and sustain credibility with all colleagues, leadership, and consultants.
 The ideal candidates have B2B experience, are energetic, motivated, self-starters & have a passion for building relationships, negotiating, and increasing sales! Deter24 Monitoring is a goal-oriented, forward-moving, expectation-shattering company that has based itself on equally prioritizing the idea of enhancement, for both our clients and ourselves.  Our experienced reps earn from $50,000-$110,000 annually,Responsibilities:Run preset appointmentsSource new clients by working referrals and cold callingTake control of territory salesQualifications:Has B2B sales experienceSecurity industry experience preferred but not requiredWants to be an individual contributor in a team atmosphereHas experience cold calling & running preset appointmentsEffective communicatorPassion for customer services and salesWhat we offer:Sales training and CRM subscriptions providedMonthly Incentives & Preset Appointments ProvidedNo nights or weekendsNo CAP on commissions ??PAID WEEKLYResidual incomeDeter24 is a leader in Video Guarding Solution, one of the fasting growing areas of security sales, the global IP video surveillance and VSaaS industry garnered $18.  Experience:management: 1 year (Preferred)Sales: 2 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:CommissionBonusesWork Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Professional development assistancePaid Training:YesManagement:Key LeaderTypical start time:9AMTypical end time:5PMSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Schlie횩en Sie sich uns an und werden Sie Treiber der globalen Strategie 2025 f체r CONFIDENCE Validation von Sartorius.  This role is a key element within Sartorius global CONFIDENCE Validation Services Strategy 2025 ??make a choice and join us to be part of!.  Develop and implement the CONFIDENCE짰 Validation Services digitalization strategy including artificial intelligence roadmap.  Identify, initiate and facilitate continuous improvement activities for each site across the CONFIDENCE짰 Validation Services organization.  +3 years experience in CI management or IT consulting.  Knowledge of improvement methodologies such as Six Sigma, Accelerated Root Cause or Transactional Lean beneficial.  Excellent project & process management skills as well as strong communication skills.  Experience in IT consulting beneficial; Computer programming skills beneficial.  Strong organizational and analytical skills.  Strong identification with our core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment.
 Validate, prioritize, communicate, and track the delivery of customer requirements for AI/ML solutions.  Skills include:.  Ability to effectively communicate with and coordinate cross-functional teams, government and industry, senior and operational stakeholders.  Experience in program management, with a record of being detail-oriented, self-motivated, and capable of successful delivery of IT solutions as a team leader.  Experience in operating and/or working within the DoD intelligence environment or equivalent government agencies with field level experience preferred.  Understanding of and experience implementing AI/ML and related technologies, including deep learning.  Skills include:.  Strong understanding and familiarity with Agile Development and DEVOPS.  Strong understanding of Military and IC networks.  Scrum Master Certified.  Experience include:.  10 years of experience required with 5+ years of experience in Program Management.  4 Years of experience may be substituted for bachelors degree.  Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations.
 We're looking for a Senior Product Manager who's experienced in managing end to end product processes, from ideation, market research and down to successful implementation.  Prioritize tasks as needed, and come up with creative new ideas to expand our product and improve our customer experience.  Experience.  At least 3 years experience working in product management.  Experience from regulated environment.  Excellent leadership and personal skills.  Strong understanding of health care systems- advantage.
 Experience and Skills:.  Minimum of 5 years of manufacturing and production operations experience, server manufacturing field preferred.  Excellent management and communication skills.  BS degree in EECS, ME, IE, IOE preferred but not required.
 The position will be networked across RIS factories, which includes locations in McKinney (TX), Forest (MS), Santa Barbara County (CA), and Largo (FL), in addition to operations and automation engineers from other Raytheon Technologies business units.  The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of automation deployment and/or sustainment in a factory setting, including high mix, low volume production.  Required Skills:.  Experience in automation design, development, deployment, validation and/or sustainment in a factory setting.  6+ years professional engineering experience in a manufacturing environment, with at least 2 years being directly related to automation and/or controls.  Experience with automation systems (robots, vision systems, PLCs, etc.  Experience with process integration and electromechanical / mechatronic systems.  Experience in mechanical and/or electrical design, computer vision, artificial intelligence, or other related field.  Experience with CAD (Solidworks, Pro E, AutoCAD electrical, etc.  Ability to prioritize during haze of confusion and/or conflicting goals.  Ability to lead/manage engineers and technical trades on project teams.  Ability to demonstrate strong critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Ability to obtain a DoD Secret clearance.  Desired Skills:.  Exposure to a wide variety of production machinery, industrial sensors, and equipment (LVDT and pressure transducers, dispense systems, temperature controllers, DC torque controllers, current and power meters, etc.  Knowledge of Electrical Standards (NFPA79, National Electric code, UL508A).  Knowledge of Safety standards (ANSI/RIA15.  Experience programming Cartesian, SCARA and Articulated robots is highly desired (Fanuc, UR or others).  Experience with Vision systems (Cognex, Keyence, Fanuc).  Experience creating technical specifications for automated manufacturing equipment is highly desired.  Experience transitioning products and processes from prototype to production desired.  Familiarity with Industry 4.  Experience with cyber and/or cyber-physical systems security protocols.  Experience with PLCs, MTConnect, and/or Transactional Automation (use of API, XML).  Strong project management and project planning experience/knowledge with demonstrated ability to drive projects to successful completion.  Strong interpersonal communication (verbal, written and presentation) skills with the ability to interact positively and collaboratively with others at all levels of the organization.  Experience in project management, preferably, as it relates to automation development and deployment, including MS Project schedule development, and financial measures/metrics.  Ability to obtain an SSBI clearance, or candidate holds active SSBI.  Experience or education in systems engineering and application to automation systems.  BS in an engineering field or the sciences.  MS in engineering or business related field (for example, systems engineering, manufacturing engineering, industrial engineering, MBA, business management, program management, etc.
 Commensurate with experience, certification, and education.  Compensation is based on experience, certification, and education.  Experience, and Retention.  Masters degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent.  ??At least 15 years of experience participating in technology initiatives with a minimum of 5 years in a senior technology leadership role.  Experience working with ITSM (IT Service Management), ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library), TOGAF (The Open Group Architecture Framework), COBIT (Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies) (Governance), KT (Kepner-Tregoe) are a plus.  Experience leading a PMO (Program Management Office) and formal project management a plus.  ??Sophisticated interpersonal skills including excellent written & oral communications, and presentation skills.  Must be authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship.
 Ideally, we are looking for someone with an engineering background in electrical and mechanical engineering with experience designing and integrating complex systems You are best suited for this role if you enjoy both technical and managerial roles and are passionate about developing technology to solve problems.  You are an engineer with a strong technical background seeking to take your career to the next level or an experienced project manager with a varied set of backgrounds and experiences.  Bachelor s degree in appropriate Engineering disciple (Electrical, Mechanical, Robotics) required.  1+ years of overall engineering experience required.  Direct experience working with an engineering group with an engineering background in high-tech fields.  Experience in more than one area of product development: prototyping, design, fabrication, integration, and testing.  Ability to travel domestically and internationally if required.  A Master s or Ph.  degree in engineering.  Knowledge and/or experience in one or more of the following areas: Control Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Sensors, Robotics.  Experience writing proposals.
 Education, skills and experience required.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related subject area.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Extensive experience in data asset stewardship & management.  In-depth experience and operational understanding of data repositories, ETL processes, data management principles, common data models, data standards, and analytic tools.  Experience designing, programming, testing, or supporting software development and integrations.  Extensive experience working with IT partners in the implementation of data asset management projects.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation.
 We are looking for an experienced leader who wants to bring their passion for building incredible teams to deliver the next generation of voice assistant technology to Siri.  Proven ability grow and guide a development organization through productive critique, evangelism, guiding, training, learning, and coaching.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results from organizations that span geographic boundaries.  5+ years of experience building, managing, and leading highly skilled teams of engineers.  5+ years of hands-on experience architecting, designing and developing software products.  Join Apple's Siri team as a Senior Engineering Manager to deliver the best Siri experience around the world.  Experience.  BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
 What experience should you have?.  Strong verbal and written communication skills including the ability to communicate with C-Suite Executive.  Ability to quickly negotiate and reach consensus across diverse groups.  Must have a collaborative working style and thrive in a team environment.  Strong working knowledge of Human Resources or talent acquisition function is a plus.  Experience with Microsoft Office products and Salesforce.
 Proactively review and analyze people metrics to identify trends and recommend solutions to improve performance, retention, and the employee experience.  Ability to apply and create best practice solutions.  Experience in one or more core HR disciplines (Compensation and Analytics, Talent Acquisition, Learning and Development, Talent Management, Organization Development etc.  Demonstrated proficiency in coaching, influencing, negotiating and managing conflict.  Experience:.  15+ years of HR experience.  Bachelor's degree in Human Resources or equivalent.  Master's degree preferred.
Are you passionate about building high impact devices and technologies? The Windows Cognition and Artificial Intelligence New Technology Integration Team focuses on lighting up Microsoft experiences with world class hardware.  We are currently exploring and prototyping the next generation of Mixed Reality experiences and C+AI needs you!.  A strong mix of technical breadth and depth will allow you to work cross-functionally with different disciplines (Industrial Design, Mechanical, Electrical, Thermal, Software and Firmware) to develop products that enable new customer experiences.  7+ years of relevant experience designing and building electronics products with a focus on consumer and portable systems.  Strong understanding of E+M field theory and applications.  Experience in high speed digital design, SoC system design, design approaches to maximize signal integrity, PCB layout stack up and optimization, RF/EMI mitigation techniques desired.  Strong problem solving and circuit debugging skills with a solid understanding of core engineering principles, fundamental circuit design, and analytical techniques is required.  Experience with analog circuit simulation and Cadence Schematic Capture and PCB Layout tools preferred.
 Experience Youll Need (Required):.  5-10 years of professional experience in an analytics role at a health plan/payer/insurer, healthcare analytics firm, consulting firm, or hospital system. , CMS-HCC, HHS-HCC, CDPS) and risk adjustment in healthcare.  Experience working with healthcare data (claims, encounter submissions, eligibility, etc.  Proven ability to approach complex problems and design, execute, and communicate data-driven solutions.  Graduate degree with a quantitative, healthcare, or technical focus (e.  Prior employment or consulting experience with Medicaid MCOs.  Experience interpreting state Medicaid agency rate setting documentation.  Experience with predictive modeling or machine learning.  Exceptional Presentation Skills.
 Required Skills/.  Experience:.  3-5 years experience in product marketing at a high tech company, or similar.  Prior experience in solution marketing and content marketing.  Proven track record of launching and growing products.  Experience with enterprise applications (Salesforce and/or CRM experience a plus!).  Proven track record of speaking in front of large internal, external, and global audiences.  Proven track record of crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content.
 Customers want to have products, services or experiences that best suit their needs delivered to them seamlessly across physical and digital channels.  The ability for brands to make personal, meaningful connections on a human level has never been greater and Hux by Deloitte Digital delivers on those experiences in a way that allows companies to own the customer journey end to end.  Experience Platform by Deloitte Digital.  Hux by Deloitte Digital gives companies the ability to build and leverage the connections ??between people, systems, data and technologies ??so they can deliver personalized, contextual experiences to customers at scale.  Hux tightly integrates marketing managed services with pre-built IP/software and a best-of-breed ecosystem to power real-time data management, marketing decisioning support, content, delivery, personalization, audience management and the end-to-end customer experience (CX) spectrum.  8+ years in product management with a majority in product companies in the marketing services, digital / customer experience domain; experienced technology leadership in rapid growth companies in marketing services preferred.  Understand CRM platforms and how look alike or one-to-one segments can be leveraged to create optimal communication experiences and streams.  Experience working with DSPs and DMPs, ideally with TheTradeDesk or other 3rd party providers.  Experience developing and owning vision, blueprints and architecture to build mid- to large-scale software/SaaS products in marketing services tech; related additional experience in professional services, implementation or managed services preferred.  Demonstrated experience in Agile Scrum development methodologies.  Extensive understanding and responsibility in project and program management principles, with explicit experience in the application of these principles to developing marketing technology solutions.  Strong presentation skills necessary to communicate, and persuade, a wide range of audiences.  Has experience with scaled systems and understands data and system integration; should also have a good understanding of security from a data and process perspective.  Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence, in a product capacity.  Industry knowledge of, and preferably experience working with, decision automation for marketers and their marketing organizations.  Experience with leading Martech providers.  Previous experience working in a professional services environment.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering.  Advanced Degree Desired10+ years of Medical Device experience with Regulatory affairs experienceExtensive knowledge of Medical Device Quality SystemsDesired .  Experience Includes: .  Experience with successful preparation and submission of Technical documents.  Experience with international standardsProduct Development .  Experience.  Ability to comprehend principles of Engineering and medical device use.  Strong cross-functional team collaborationJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $0.  Experience:Medical Device: 10 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:http://www.
Essential Functions: 쨌 Support monthly and quarterly Program Finance reviews with leadership team쨌 Deliver weekly and monthly financial reporting to support Program Management??Responsible for reporting and analysis of financial data specific to programs to help ensure profitability and good profit margin??Track, analyze, and report program performance indicators??Provide monthly forecasts by cost element and Engineering effort쨌 Weekly Meetings with PMs in support of their Program쨌 Drive cash flows from contract negotiation to collections??Provide cost and margin inputs to negotiation team as necessary??Perform primary Finance approval function for all Program Purchase Orders; provide Program teams assistance with proper Purchase Order coding??Track Purchase Order activity, assemble ongoing total cost analysis??Track key inventory receipts from vendors??Track inventory consumption by Program team??Ensure proper accounting for purchase order and inventory transactions??Track customer billing benchmarks and/or milestones; perform or assist with complex customer billing process??Estimate weekly cash flows and provide inputs for Treasury activitiesOther finance functions; including??Identify and drive process improvements, including the creation of standard and ad-hoc reports, tools??Assist with management reporting efforts for monthly business reviews, budgets, and forecasts??Automate and continuously improve our monthly reporting that includes full financial statements, actual versus budget variances and comprehensive executive level explanations of differences??Provide analysis of trends and forecasts and recommend actions for optimization??Recommend actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative analyses; study proposed changes in methods and materials??Assist with organization moving towards comprehensive Key Performance Indicator (KPI) reporting, operational Dashboard reporting, and analysis of key business trends??Guide cost analysis process by establishing and enforcing policies and proceduresSkills/Technical Requirements:쨌 Highest level of integrity and honesty and appreciation for sensitive and confidential data쨌 .  Experience with inventory/cost accounting and inventory management processes쨌 Deep financial modelling skills with ability to develop and manage complex financial models and analyses while also synthesizing outputs into easy to understand graphical portrayals쨌 Superior analytical skills and capability to compile, identify and interpret financial information, articulate problems and propose alternative solutions쨌 Comfortable as an agent of change with a continuous improvement mentality쨌 Attention to detail쨌 Results oriented team player able to juggle activities between overall business perspective and hands-on management쨌 .  Strong business acumen and judgementEducational Requirements:쨌 BS/BA degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business쨌 At least 7 years of finance and/or accounting experience쨌 .  Experience at start-up experiencing rapid growth preferred쨌 .  Experience with Manufacturing company financials is strongly preferredJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $0.
 Combination of education and experience - courses as shown in A above, plus appropriate experience or additional education.  The experience should have included a full range of professional statistical work such as (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying statistical techniques such as measurement of central tendency, dispersion, skewness, sampling error, simple and multiple correlation, analysis of variance, and tests of significance.  Then identify the percentage of required experience you possess.  50% of graduate education required) and 6 months of creditable specialized experience (i.  50% of the required experience) would equal 100% of the required experience for the position A transcript must be submitted with your application if you are basing all or part of your qualifications on education.  Experience overseeing and leading advanced analytics programs and data science teams to implement Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and Natural Language Processing.  Experience coding in Python.  Experience with Scripting in Structured Query Language (SQL).  Experience: You must have one year of specialized experience (equivalent to the GS-14 grade level in the federal service); experience that equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills and abilities (KSA's) and other characteristics to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled, in the normal line of progression for the occupation in the organization.  Specialized experience includes: experience coding in Python and scripting in SQL.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  To be well-qualified, applicants must possess experience that exceeds the minimum qualifications of the position including all selective factors if applicable, and must be proficient in most of the requirements of the job.  VA may offer newly-appointed Federal employee's credit for their job-related non-federal experience or active duty uniformed military service.
Digital Cockpit team is responsible for defining digital experience in all NIOs premium smart EVs.  It designs and implements software and hardware to enable the ultimate living room experience for L2+/L4 vehicles.  Strong coder with Architects mindset.  10+ years industry experience with BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related fields.  Hands-on experience building and launching complex multi-OS systems in mass production products.  Broad range of experience on audio/video, networking, cameras, sensors, graphics and/or low-level programming.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 Technical Skills:.  Demonstrated experience as an executive / C-level leader in the government space.  Demonstrated liaison experience as an executive among organizational Technical and business stakeholders.  Experience introducing new innovative processes, solutions, best practices, tools and technologies.  Expert knowledge of IT, technical architecture, systems management, and IT transformation.  Experience managing technical personnel, such as solution architects, technologists, and team leads.  Experience and familiarity with Federal contracts, GWACs, General Services Administration (GSA), and exposure and familiarity with winning and acquiring new contract vehicles and task orders.  Ability to work within internal and external technical and business development.  Ability to coordinate and support the project supervisors with the Client requirements.   20+ years of corporate experience in IT and Government Agencies.  Proven experience as a C-level executive in large business organization.  Excellent organizational and leadership skills.   At least Master's degree with emphasis in Business Administration and Technology Management.  Strong knowledge of CMMI ML5 A&R and organizational performance management requirements.
 10+ years experience in relative domain of software development, and 5+ years experience in leading software engineering team.  Experience of building mission-critical backend infrastructure, with high availability, high performance, and geo-redundancy.  Hands-on experience with RESTful API and relational and NoSQL databases, such as MySQL and MongoDB.  Strong skills at coordinating multiple teams and driving cross-functional initiatives.  Hands-on experience with PKI is a plus.  Hands-on experience with building security products is a plus.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 We are currently seeking a CMS Drupal PHP Lead Web Developer to join our team in Worcester, Massachusetts (US-MA), United States (US).  JavaScript Skills: React, Vue, ES6, AJAX, jQuery.  Knowledge of RESTful WebServices, Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), JSON, XML.  5+ years of experience working as a PHP Web Developer.
BS in computer science/computer engineering or equivalent5+ years of industry experience in software engineering3+ years of directly managing a team of software engineers.  Experience with object oriented design and languages.  Experience with Big Data Engineering and Machine Learning is a plus.  Experience supporting Financial Systems is a plusA strong desire to work in a fast paced dynamic environmentInterest in Process Automation and Artificial IntelligenceIn-depth understanding of Big Data technologies and solutions in AWS.  Experience prioritizing multiple demands, scoping large efforts and negotiating timelines are necessary skillsTechnologies we use: React, Lambda, Dynamo, Athena, EMR, Step Functions and several others AWS services.
Bachelor's Degree10+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology6+ years of experience managing teams.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  2 or more years experience in Project and Program Management delivering technical solutions to meet customer expectations.  Experience working with and influencing stakeholders.  Demonstrated skills in capturing business requirements, launching projects, and conducting customer research.  Strong organizational skills with demonstrated ability to manage multiple high-complexity projects.  Experience working directly with Engineers on product enhancements.  Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses.  Experience building processes, project management, and release schedules, and employing effective risk management to large programsMust demonstrate fluency in English language both written and verbal.  Strong verbal communication and presentation skillsBachelor's degree in a technical and business management related field.  Proven ability to identify, analyze, and solve ambiguous problems independently with an extreme attention to detail.  Demonstrated ability to influence stakeholders successfully without formal authority and lead cross-functional teams across geographies and business unitsTechnical fluency; comfort understanding and discussing technology concepts, experience evaluating trade-offs and new opportunities with technical team membersComfort working in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is required and ambiguity is constant.
 Passion for helping startups growEntrepreneurial builder mentality3-10 years of technology related sales or business development experience.  MBA/MA/MS degreePrevious cloud expertise at a technology companyA technical background in engineering or computer scienceHistory of working for, or selling to tech startups.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  BA/BS degree requiredComfortable delivering results amid ambiguity and change.
The Computer Science and Engineering Department sponsors a unique Natural Language Processing Professional Master's Degree Program at the Silicon Valley Campus.  degree in Computer Science or equivalent years or experience and/or training.  Strong background, technical knowledge and recognized expertise in multiple application areas of Natural Language Processing and Machine Learning.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Strong ability to work with dynamic and diverse group of faculty, staff and students.  Experience with, and proven success in, managing research or advanced development projects in one or more application areas of Natural Language Processing.  Strong negotiation skills and verbal and written communication skills; ability to influence / persuade all levels of staff.  Skills in organization and working with multiple stakeholders (program faculty, university administration, students, industry partners) to effectively manage multiple important priorities.  Prior fundraising experience.
 The Americas BSv business comprises a multi sector portfolio including F&A, Supply Chain, HRO and Intelligent Automation.  The Finance practice is the largest practice in Capgemini BSv with 15,000 associates around the world.  Selling and delivering transformation projects to BSv & Group clients.  Skills & Capabilities:.  Excellent communication skills able to articulate value propositions; F&A knowledge; deep technology understanding including automation & AI; transformation knowledge; market and commercial consulting skills.  Expertise.  Should be experienced in Commercial Control.  Organization BSv.
 5-8 years of experience QA .  Experience.  Experience & expertise in creation of Test Automation frameworks using Python or Java or Scala.  Hands-on testing experience in working Hadoop, Spark and other Big data technologies is highly preferred.  Knowledge of data pipelines using Hive, Spark, Spark SQL etc.  Experience writing complex SQL queries is a must.  Expert in all aspects of QA which includes delivering effective testing strategies and testing artifacts like Test Plans, Test Cases, Testing Execution Reports etc.  Experience in working with large scale Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Integration, Data Migration and upgrade projects.  Experience in creating Test plan, test cases and engineering best practices related to software test engineering, both manual and automated testing.  Experience coordinating testing activities and optimizing test cycles working with project team.  Experience with conducting and running defect triage meeting with project teams.  Experience coordinating testing activities and optimizing test cycles working with project team.
 As a strategic thinker and an experienced expert in agile project management, you will lead activities to develop and implement the strategy for development innovation in oncology, by building the vision and establishing collaborations within Roche and with relevant external groups, including academic centers, health authorities, businesses, government institutions and other partners.  Project management certification with significant pharmaceutical industry experience ( > 5 years).  Certification, training or experience working with agile methodologies in project management.  Extensive experience in product development, precision medicine or personalized healthcare strategies in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry.  Ability to integrate/translate abstract concepts into tangible, results oriented plans to allow for early application and learning as well as rapid iteration to build upon the experience.  Ability to deal successfully with ambiguity and persevere through multiple experiments with a focus on learning as well as outcomes.  Strong peer networks within Roche, the pharmaceutical industry and/or academia is a plus.  Ability to identify and secure needed expertise to drive a project forward in a scientifically robust manner.  Excellent organizational and communication (both written and verbal) skills.  Cross-functional leadership experience strongly preferred.  Ability to partner/work in a matrixed organization with cross-functional partners.
 Technical Skills:.  Experience with IT reference architecture and multiple technology domains, including cloud computing, web solutions, integration, networks, systems, databases, data mining, machine learning, NLP, artificial intelligence and security.  Strong expertise in designing and deploying ML/AI based solutions.  Strong technical experience of developing architectures that enable a digital transformation within a business org.  Knowledge of ETL platforms, SoA, integrations, SOAP and REST based services.  Experience in designing API based architectures in platforms like Mulesoft.  Experience with Dev-Ops Processes.  Experience in leading Agile Methodology project delivery.  Experience in leading enterprise architecture activities locally and globally.  Experience Requirement:.  12+ years of relevant work experience.
 As a strategic thinker and a broadly experienced expert in clinical and precision medicine with excellent clinical, scientific and communication credentials, you will lead activities to develop and implement the strategy for development innovation in oncology, by building the vision and establishing collaborations within Roche and with relevant external groups, including academic centers, health authorities, businesses, government institutions and other partners.  Advanced degree in a clinical or scientific discipline with good understanding of clinical methods (e.  Individuals with a bachelors degree in a scientific discipline and significant industry experience ( > 10 years) will be considered.  Experience in the use of online social networks and other novel methodologies to enhance and accelerate clinical development.  A proven leader with extensive experience in clinical medicine & personalized healthcare strategies in the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry/academia/ relevant non-for-profit organizations / government.  Ability to integrate/translate abstract concepts into tangible, results oriented plans to allow for early application and learning as well as rapid iteration to build upon the experience.  Ability to deal successfully with ambiguity and persevere through multiple experiments with a focus on learning as well as outcomes.  Strong peer networks within Roche, the pharmaceutical industry and/or academia is a plus.  Ability to identify and secure needed expertise to drive a project forward in a clinically and scientifically robust manner.  Excellent organizational and communication (both written and verbal) skills.  Cross-functional leadership experience strongly preferred.  Ability to partner/work in a matrixed organization with cross-functional partners.
 IMS/ Business Systems. ; OneQMS, WalkMe ).  Drive system-related best practices & foster experience exchange on digital tools. ; OneQMS, EDMS, MPC, MELODI).  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Life Sciences or related fields, MBA a plus.  Minimum 7+ years of work experience in this area is required.  Experience in biopharmaceutical production and an understanding of quality processes and procedures is preferred.  Experience using Lean Production System (LPS) for continuous improvement opportunity evaluation.  Experience :.  3+ years of experience as a Scrum Master with a and a proven track record of successfully implementing digital solutions using Agile methodologies and may consist of managing medium complexity projects in a medical device, life science or healthcare industry, high tech or other relevant experience.  3+ years of experience in a Data Visualization, Data Scientist, or Data Analyst role, preferably in biotechnology/pharmaceutical industries.  Knowledge of software systems and relational databases.  Experience implementing Digital Innovation Projects (e.  Experience with large scale analytics technologies (e.  Ability to convert design business scenarios and use cases to specifications and user stories.  Experience :.  Proven track record of driving digital solution from Ideation to Production.  Experience with one or more industry-leading Quality Systems platforms.  Experience with validated or controlled environments preferred. , QMS, EDMS, ECM).  Experience with one or more industry-leading Quality Management and Document Management platforms (e.
 Its the aim of our returnship program for experienced professionals rejoining the workforce after time away.  They will have experience in applying data mining techniques, performing statistical interpretation and building algorithmic models utilising expansive datasets.  They should have experience of working in a data environment with multiple streams of data.  Experience.  Strong analytical skills including algorithm application with different mathematical approaches such as cluster and principal component analysis, linear and logistic regression, supervised learning algorithms, and similar statistical techniques.  Expert programming skills, particularly in Python (R a plus).  Strong data modelling skills and experience of working with both structured and unstructured data.  Advanced skills in a data visualisation solution (such as Spotfire, PowerBI, GGplot, or Plotly).  Excellent communication skills, including mentoring junior team members and discussing designs at abstract and more tangible implementation levels.  Strong organization and planning skills and the ability to manage own workload and that of others within sometimes tight timescales.  Ability to develop content and explain data science work to business stakeholders.
 Working under the general supervision of the Director, ECommerce and relying on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals, the Director, Data Management & Analytics provides thought leadership around the formulation and execution of a comprehensive data program.  The program's mission is to drive a culture of using data intelligence and analytics to deepen customer relationships and the customer experience, drive revenue and identify customer growth opportunities across the organization.  Bachelor's Degree major in Computer Science, Mathematics, IT or Data Management preferred.  Fifteen plus years in data management with at least 10 years of management experience.  Proficient in the following tools: Advanced Excel & PowerPivot, ETL tool, MS SQL Server / Databases Reporting tools, including Business Objects and MS Power BISAS BASE / SAS EG or other BI tool.  Proven ability to apply Sales cycle and sales needs around customer-related data to practice.  Proven ability to apply marketing needs, including digital marketing and marketing lead generation cycle to practice.  Proven ability in master data management, integration and reporting experience.  Proven ability to work with architects directly to establish and maintain data management platforms that meet practical analytics and BI needs.  Proven ability to apply data science to real-world business problems.  Proven ability to institute and drive data quality and governance processes and standards.  Proven ability to manage and integrate 3rd party data providers.  Proven ability to manage a data management team in an organization with a master data management practice.  Strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze customer trends .  Strong business acumen including but not limited to marketing and sales cycles.  Experience in working with Data Lake, Data Warehouse or Data Hub.
 with a minimum of 10 years experience working with antibody display libraries and next generation sequencing.  Hands on experience working with generation, screening and characterization of antibody display libraries.  Knowledge of automation, large data set analysis and technologies and concepts related to protein therapeutics.  Experience managing a team and/or having direct reports.  Excellent communication skills.  Experience with and/or interest for computational discovery and artificial intelligence based third generation discovery and engineering platform.  Strong publication history and active networking within the biotech community.  We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all.
 These digital teams will deliver products via agile scrum methodologies that are aligned with business priorities to maximize Ingram Micros IoT position in the marketplace while improving the customer experience.  Masters desired) in Computer Science, Engineering, or related Science and Math discipline with an IT/IoT emphasis is required.  Experience building the structure for an IoT engineering practice, including the strategy, R&D and value proposition.  10+ years of experience in Information Technology with proven experience working in a complex international environment with globally dispersed teams.  7+ years of experience managing high performing software engineering teams of at least 10 associates.  Proven track record of building and delivering mission critical, 24x7 production software systems in one or more specific IoT / M2M industry delivered to customers.  5+ years of hands on experience in wireless or networking software development, including design, implementation, debugging, testing and support.  Programming experience with C and at least one modern language such as Java, Python, C++, including object-oriented design.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Experience with distributed computing and enterprise-wide systems.  Strong at applying data structures, algorithms, and software design methodologies.  Prior experience with designing and running highly available and secure cloud services.  Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, technical designs and product strategy.  Deep operational experience with networking and communications protocols, service-oriented architecture, system security, cryptography, RESTful interface.  Understanding of and experience with embedded systems and architectures and cross-platform development and build environments.  Strong executive presence with outstanding communication skills (verbal and written).
10+ Years of experience and knowledge within the startup ecosystem in an operator role or as an advisor and/or investor10+ years of business development or program / product management experience in an Enterprise, SMB, or startup5+ years of managing teams in a dynamic, fast paced environment.  Candidates must have a background as a startup founder, early employee or investor, where theyve built a business, likely raised capital, and experienced the arc of business-building from nothing to something. MBA or equivalent executive level experience.
 Experienced in all facets of strategy, solution design, product development and business growth through innovation, she/he is a seasoned leader who has cultivated teams across multiple industry disciplines and managed teams in large international companies.  Excellent interpersonal skills that drive unified strategies and products.  Experience.  15+ years of relevant experience in innovation, technology and/or solutions development.  or equivalent operational experience.
 Strong communications/ great personality/ .  Strong Technical.  This critical hire is responsible for building a world-class data platform that enables advanced analytic and agile business practices to create state of the art customer experiences.  This platform will enable understanding, documentation and development of solutions which enhance experience.  Strong bias for action with sense of urgency and high energy.  Uses Effective Communication Skills - Candid, clear and concise in communication.  Technical/Professional Skills - Hold self and others to high standards.  Ability to analyze business requirements and facilitate discussions with business and IT areas to find appropriate procedural and/or technical solutions.  Strong understanding of basic business principles (finance, marketing, operations, technology, etc.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or a related field.  5+ years of experience of IT platform implementation in a highly technical and analytical role.  3+ years experience of Data Lake/Hadoop platform implementation, including 3+ years of hands-on experience in implementation and performance tuning Hadoop/Spark implementations.  5+ years experience consulting on analytics, technology and strategy.  Experience as a Technical Data Leader with core capabilities in Cloud Technologies, enterprise data management with a fixed focus on data governance as well as with overall Data Warehousing and optimal delivery strategies.  Ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges in an enterprise environment.  Experience with analytic solutions applied to the Marketing or Risk needs of enterprises.  Experience with one or more relevant tools (Sqoop, Flume, Kafka, Oozie, Hue, Zookeeper, HCatalog, Solr, Avro).  Familiarity with one or more SQL-on-Hadoop technology (Hive, Impala, Spark SQL, Presto).  Experience developing software code in one or more programming languages (Java, JavaScript, Python, etc).  Current hands-on implementation experience required.
 Experience.  Experience with both on premise and cloud-based tools and solutions.  Experience with Azure related technologies (such as Data Bricks, Data Factory, Analysis Services, etc.  Experience with data modeling and data warehouse/data lake design on cloud data platform Snowflake.  Experience as change agent and data expert elevating the use of data within a business and developing a state-of-the-art data practice.  Experience working with large, global manufacturing and distribution business applying data to solve business problems in supply and demand planning, inventory, distribution, quality, service, sales, marketing, production, and finance.  Proven experience in formulating global IT strategies and developing multi-year roadmaps, especially for data and analytics.  Strong financial skills and excellent communication skills.  Experience with both Agile and Waterfall project management methodologies.  Skills and .  Minimum 10 years IT experience required, with a minimum of 5 years of data and analytics experience and 5 years of IT leadership.  Experience with both on premise and cloud-based tools and solutions.  Experience with Azure related technologies (such as Data Bricks, Data Factory, Analysis Services, etc.  Experience with data modeling and data warehouse/data lake design and cloud tools (Snowflake).  Experience as change agent and data expert elevating the use of data within a business and developing a state-of-the-art data practice.  Experience working with large, global manufacturing business applying data to solve business problems in supply and demand planning, inventory, distribution, quality, service, sales, marketing, production, and finance.  Proven experience in formulating IT strategies and developing multi-year roadmaps, especially for data and analytics.  Strong financial skills and excellent communication skills.  Experience with both Agile and Waterfall project management methodologies.  Bachelor's degree with IT concentration required.  MBA, or other Master's degree in related field preferred.
 The work of this strategic role will extend beyond traditional enterprise IT management into the formation of digital strategies and technologies in key areas of the institution such as Marketing, Enrollment Management, Advancement, Finance, Financial Aid, Student Lifecycle experience and other mission critical University business operations that enable strategic innovation and business transformation.  Masters degree in computer science, information technology, Business Information Systems or graduate degree in a related discipline.  At least ten collective years of significant management and supervisory experience as a CIO, CTO or senior technology management.  Recognized digital expert and seasoned IT transformational leader and experienced general manager in the adoption and execution of digital technologies across a broad spectrum of the entire higher education business enterprise.  Experience or strong familiarity with new, transformative applied concepts including but not limited to artificial intelligence, blockchain and other emerging innovation.  Experience in the implementation of institutional cybersecurity policies, practices and standards across basic, foundational, and organizational domains.  Experience in higher education preferred.  Proven record of progressively digital strategist and responsible leadership and managerial experience in information technology.  Experience with managing complex technology systems and applications.  Excellent organizational and interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing.  Ability to maintain sensitivity, understanding and respect for a diverse academic environment, inclusive of students, faculty, and staff of varying social, economic, cultural, ideological, and ethnic backgrounds required.
 Familiarity with commercial SATCOM systems in various orbit regimes helpful.  Expertise for engineering BM architectures, understanding and analyzing kill chains, developing and implementing mesh networks, cyber defense, tactical data link communications, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Tracking: Engineering for advanced/emergent missile threats; OPIR mission and data processing experience; optical telescope and satellite design/procurement test experience. Deterrence: Engineering cislunar architectures, orbits including Earth-Moon Lagrange points, propulsion systems, advanced maneuvering, SSA and Offensive/Defensive Space Control architectures, missions, and data processing experience; optical telescope and satellite design/procurement and test experience. Red Cell: Space cybersecurity, domestic and foreign counterspace capabilities and technical mitigation strategies, technology roadmap development and foresight, constellation resiliency assessments, practical experience with Red Team group exercises, experience with intelligence collection and technical assessment requests, familiarity with design/development/launch/operations technical and operational challenges.  A Bachelor of Science degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics field is required.  8 or more years of increasingly responsible and related engineering/scientific experience is required for Project Leader.  12 or more years of increasingly responsible and related engineering/scientific experience for Senior Project Leader.  Relevant, progressive work experience in systems architecture, systems integration and/or systems engineering is desired.  Multidisciplinary experience including, spacecraft and launch vehicle concept design and operation, knowledge of DoD, IC, Civil, and Commercial missions and technologies desired.  Ability to build and/or maintain substantive rapport with Aerospace peers and government customers required.  Experience with mentoring desired.  Ability to work with the Aerospace Engineering Technology Group matrix and other Aerospace program offices is desired.  Experience in systems engineering, risk assessment, and trade space exploration studies is desired.  Experience directly interfacing with customers and delivering comprehensive assessment products is desired.  Excellent written communication skills are necessary - can organize complex materials and concepts in a manner that is clear and logical.  Excellent verbal communication skills required - clear, concise, persuasive; builds consensus through speaking; polished, professional style.  We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.
 We are looking for a Director of Sales with extensive experience in enterprise software sales within the federal market.  10+ years of proven professional track record as an enterprise software sales executive in the federal space.  Experience selling enterprise-wide software solutions with big data, artificial intelligence, machine learning, BI, investigation solutions or a related field.  Excellent client-facing and communication skills required.  Ability to direct and lead cross-functional teams.  Ability to work effectively in a team and as an individual contributor.  Strong networking and influencing skills.
RequirementsAt least 5 years of Business Development management experienceAt least 5 years of Customer Success skillsMastery of Microsoft office products.  Experience with threat and/or risk analysis.  Must have your own internet and hardwareNice to have skills:1.  ERM/ESRM experience3.  Counter-terrorism experience4.  Military, private security, or law enforcement experience8.  International risk analysisMinimum years of experience:Biz dev 5+ yearsWriting professionally 5+ yearsCustomer Success Management 5+ yearsCertifications Needed: None, but preferredJob Type: ContractJob Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, CommissionSalary: Stock Option/Commission TBDJob Types: Full-time, Contract, Commission.  Experience:Customer Relationship Management: 5 years (Required)Sales Management: 5 years (Required)Business Development: 5 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Contract Length:More than 1 yearAdditional Compensation:CommissionOther formsWork Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Flexible scheduleThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyA Fair Chance job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks - learn more at https://start.
 This is a tenure eligible position depending on experience and qualifications.  Compensation commensurate with experience.  Experience & Educational Background:.  in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or related field plus industry experience.  Alternatively, a masters degree plus significant professional experience in AI and machine learning is sufficient.  Skills & Competencies:.  Strong network of industry connections.  Critical to our mission is creating an exemplary student and faculty experience.
Hands-on experience creating systems that train and use artificial intelligence and machine learning in a production environment.  Experience working with companies ranging from large multi-national organizations to startups.  Strong automation mindset and passion to identify or develop strategies to mitigate manual intervention going forward.  Ability to work globally.  Experience as a Senior Solutions Architect/Consultant supporting workloads that implement AI/ML across a variety of industries.  Experience in a high-level programming/scripting language(s). AWS Certifications (e.  Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent professional or military experience.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field. 7+ years experience building successful production software5+ years of management experience (including a combination of experience hiring, managing performance, and providing technical leadership).  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalentThe ability to take raw product requirements and develop software architectures and designs to bring them to life.  Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs.  Excellent written and verbal communication skillsAcademic and/or industry experience with one of more of the following domains: machine learning, large-scale distributed systems, linear optimization techniques, supply chain technology.  Experience with designing and building large-scale systems in a multi-tiered, distributed environment using micro services architecture.  Experience with Java, web technologies, and multi-threaded programming.  Experience in driving systemic operational improvements.  Experience managing other managers.  Excellent business judgmentRelentless high standards (never satisfied with the status quo)Able to dive deep and is never out of touch with the details of the businessExpects and requires innovation of her/his teamHas passion and conviction and the innate ability to inspire passion in others.  Strong results orientationThinks big.
 Experts, Senior CACI Technical Leadership, and direct communication with the customer.  15+ years of solution development or related experience.  Bachelors degree in engineering, computer science, or related technical discipline.  Experienced contributor to the capture of new business opportunities, including capture shaping, innovative solution development, proposal development.  Professional experience operating within cross-functional teams and groups, including technical, development, acquisition, contracts, program management.  Must have strong working knowledge and mastery of current technologies and capabilities employed in the Intelligence Community, including and not limited to, Cloud, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, and various Software Development methodologies spanning Agile to Waterfall and hybrids thereof.
 Ability to travel 50% - 100%.  Experience, and Specific Job Related Skills.  BS/BA in technical (e. , Marketing/MIS) field or equivalent work experience required.  10+ years of professional experience beyond education requirements above.  Type of experience varies depending on Implementation Manager's specialization:.  Implementation: broad skills in both technology & analysis; experience in communicating at a technical and functional level while managing business rapport.  Business Optimization: deep skills around business analysis/call centers; experience in the KPIs and best practices of call centers and their operations.  Education & Enablement: professional and confident public presence; experience in commanding large audiences as a trainer and/or speaker.  Engineering Services: deep skills in specialized technical & functional areas; deeply technical expertise around software engineering, programming languages, integration, and/or databases.  Experience Preferred:.  Prior consulting experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
MS in Engineering (or related STEM fields)7+ years experience working with a few of these technologies: advanced machine learning, probabilistic modeling, optimization, sensor fusion and scalable computing systems.  Strong track record of publications in peer-reviewed journals, conferences and/or curated blogs. Deep knowledge and extensive experience building and deploying one or more of these technologies in production: Deep learning (e.  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Python, Go, C/C++, JavaScript, Java.  Strong analytical skills, and demonstrated ability to turn detailed data analysis into useful strategic insight in order to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to the business.  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills.  Including a global cloud footprint, infinitely scalable cloud storage, advanced networking and security, state-of-the-art AI platforms and services, rigorous engineering, and a team with the longest experience building cloud technologies.  The candidate will have the technical depth and business experience to easily articulate the potential and challenges of AI (different platforms and frameworks in the AWS cloud) to engineering/research teams and C-Level executives.  This requires deep familiarity with state-of-the-art approaches to AI, as well as target AI use cases using distributed computing systems in the cloud.  Experience developing, deploying and managing AI products at scale. 10+ years of engineering, development, data science and modeling experience.  Demonstrated experience solving end-to-end large-scale problems in aerospace, transportation, energy, manufacturing, telecommunications, genomics, healthcare and/or robotics with proven AI technologies deployed at scale.  Experience with cloud computing and distributed computing.
7-10+ years design, implementation, or consulting experience with distributed applications5-7+ years of experience in architecting infrastructures, databases, applications, and/or networkingTechnical degree required; Computer Science or Math background desired2 years of experience in technology or software sales, presales, or technical consultingWorking knowledge of software development tools and methodologies.  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Experience architecting or operating large-scale solutions built on AWS.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloudPresentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT management, and developers.  Excellent communication skills with an ability to right level conversations.
 Excellent communication skills with the ability to distill complex thoughts and strategies into simple, actionable recommendations.  Ability to liaise with multiple internal divisions and departments.  3+ years experience in Customer Success for enterprise software.  Experience in a customer-facing role, supporting enterprise sales cycles.  Experience in enterprise software and B2B environments.  Ability to travel up to 20%.
 Master's degree or higher in systems engineering or in related technical or scientific fields such as engineering, physics, mathematics, operations research, engineering management, computer science, information technology, management information systems, or related stem degree.  Expert-level experience in relevant work areas including the DOD/ IC acquisition process, requirements process, and Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution System (PPBES).  Experience with system engineering of large complex system of systems or service-oriented architecture/cloud environments.  Expert-level experience with the systems engineering lifecycle.  Demonstrated experience with Model Base Systems Engineering (MBSE) processes, tools, and languages.  Expert System Engineering Professional (ESEP) certification.  Demonstrated experience in the field of geospatial intelligence.  Demonstrated experience engineering solutions using structured and unstructured big data, automation, augmentation & artificial intelligence, and cloud-based technologies.  Demonstrated experience with photogrammetry, remote sensing, image science, information sciences, geographic information systems, geomatics, or related fields.
 Possess knowledge and experience in leading DoD contracts, preferably for Program offices with ACAT I programs.  At least 10 years of management experience.  Bachelor's or Master's degree from an accredited college or university.  MS or MBA degree preferred.  (An additional 4 years of specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree).
 Possess knowledge and experience in leading DoD contracts, preferably for Program offices with ACAT I programs.  At least 5 years of management experience.  Bachelor's or Master's degree from an accredited college or university.  MS or MBA degree preferred.  (An additional 4 years of specialized expertise may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree).
 Once proven, our ideas and innovations quickly find their way back into the core product.  We are looking for data scientists with hands on experience transforming unique data into amazing products.  MA/MS or PhD degree in computer science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech recognition, natural language processing, operations research, or related technical field.  Experience designing and implementing machine learning pipelines in production environments.  Strong .  Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Java, Scala, or Python.  Experience with Apache Spark platform (including Datasets, SparkML) and/or experience with one or more deep learning libraries and platforms (e.  Experience with Cloud Native Frameworks tools and products is a plus.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  8 years relevant work experience.  BS/BA preferred.
 Our Engineering & Tools Team plays a pivotal role in the delivery and success of our Azure Big Data products and services, and we are looking for an experienced Release Project Manager to drive and release deliverables across services to enable us to meet the highest bar of expectations with quality.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering or Mathematics or Physics or IT technical discipline or in place of 3+ years of industry engineering experience.  5+ years Software Release Management experience.  5+ years of Program Management/Project Management experience.  Prior professional experience in information protection and data security.  Experience with relational database management systems.  Ability to solve problems by leading with passion and empathy for customers.  AZDAT #ENGGJOBS.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
 The Intelligent Retail Lab is part of Walmart's Store No 8, an innovation hub formed by the world's largest retailer focused on identifying and investing in trends and technologies reshaping the shopping experience.  As a people-led, tech-empowered business, we believe that technology has immense potential to enhance the associate and customer experience in our stores.  ft store with 30K items and more than 100 associates, will allow us to test a broad range of applications such as improving inventory and on-shelf availability, enhancing both the associate and customer experience in our stores.  Bachelor's degree or higher.  10+ years account management experience in SaaS, software, analytics and associated services.  Experience representing and supporting innovative technologies that are in the infancy of market adoption.  Ability to travel up to 50% both domestic and international.  Technology savvy with high level proficiency in PowerPoint, Excel, and Salesforce.  Most importantly, we empower our industry-leading tech team to solve far future problems and focus on building magical shopping experience for the consumers.
 Skills & Technical Requirements:.  Experience with inventory/cost accounting and inventory management processes.  Strong business acumen and judgement.  BS/BA degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business.  At least 7 years of finance and/or accounting experience.  Experience at start-up experiencing rapid growth preferred.  Experience with Manufacturing company financials is strongly preferred.
 Required Skills:.  Strong understanding of enterprise IT, including networking infrastructure, systems administration, data centers, and software applications and the development life cycle.  Strong understanding of research IT platforms, including high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and approach to applying cyber rules to an R&D environment.  Experience working with technologies including, but not limited to: Tenable Nessus, Splunk, Linux/Unix, and Windows systems.  Familiarity with NIST and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) to include NIST standards and special publications and the Risk Management Framework (RMF).  Reasoning and problem-solving skills (including skills in troubleshooting, diagnosing, and resolving cyber defense infrastructure anomalies).  Ability to implement project plans and document progress of assigned tasks.  Ability to prepare and deliver presentations to technical and non-technical audiences.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Desired Skills:.  Experience working in DevSecOps or Agile environments.  Government IT experience is highly desired.  Familiarity with cyber security and auditing tools.  Experience working with technologies including but not limited to: KVM, Hypervisor, OpenStack, Docker, Salt, Ansible, and Terraform.  Experience in applying host/network access controls (e.  Experience: 12-16.  Certifications: A certification in IT-related security principles or auditing (e.
 Knowledge of the public workforce system and experience advising grantees, employers, intermediaries or other federal staff on apprenticeship programs and/or work-based learning programs.  Ability to provide SME input into proposal technical development.
 Preferred candidates will possess experience in the federal budget process, PPBE, and the Navy Program Objective Memorandum (POM) based on past experience in Federal Government, Department of Defense and/or Fortune 500 organizations.  EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree in relevant business or technical field.  Candidate must have 10 years of full-time (excluding internships) experience within the past 15 years of progressive experience in Analytical support to the Federal Government agencies or Fortune 500 companies.  Bachelor's Degree in relevant business or technical field is preferred.  Candidate must have 7 years of full-time (excluding internships) experience within the past 10 years of progressive experience in Analytical support to the Federal Government agencies or Fortune 500 companies.
 Experience: 쨌 BS degree in engineering, operations or related field.  Strong business acumen.  Excellent data analysis skills.  Ability to work with MS Excel, MS Project and technical drawings.  Strong program management skills.  Ability to work across the organization to get things done.  Ability to interface with customers successfully and professionally.  Strong personal initiative and self-starter mentality; needs the ability to thrive in a rapidly changing, fast-paced entrepreneurial environment.  Strong, decisive and action-oriented style; ability to make, communicate, and take accountability for timely decisions and ability to get to the heart of issues rapidly.
 Must Skills: IBM MQ & IIB.  Plus Skills: JBOSS, APACHE KAFKA, Jenkins, Ansible and shell scripting.  Industry expertise:2 to 4 years of experience in IBM MQ and IIB.
 Bring a deep background and broad experience in Information Security, Application Security, & Application Development or related business areas.  Demonstrated experience handling the demand/supply of project and program resources and tracking allocation.  5 to 6+ years hands-on experience in application security utilizing SAST, DAST, IAST, RASP and WAF.  5+ years of application engineering management experience; 10+ years of application architecture or development experience.  Experience in leading application security remediation work, leading the mitigation initiative to accommodate the developer community priority.  Proficient experience with common web application attack vectors and related mitigation strategies that translate to controls within the organization.  Must be able to collaborate with colleagues via face to face, conference calls, and online meetings.  HMH is uniquely positioned to create engaging and effective educational content and experiences from early childhood to beyond the classroom.
 Exposure to Biology and Chemistry at the Graduate/Undergraduate level is a plus.  2-5 years of technical project management experience.  MS/PhD in Computer Science or related technical field.
 Demonstrate high level proficiency for emerging Business Intelligence, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence technology while providing support for existing systems, aligning with toolset future roadmaps, keep informed of latest trends and developments in technologies and maintaining internally developed solutions.  Experience:.  Bachelor's degree in fields, such as Computer Science, Information Technology is required.  Masters degree is preferred.  5+ years of hands-on experience in applications development, Business Intelligence, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and advanced analytics with emphasis on Microsoft Azure suite (i.  Minimum 3 years of hands-on experience with enterprise data warehouse solutions including integration of complex data sources for the deployment of decision support systems required.  Must be able to install, configure and test these new systems.  Experience developing POC prototypes, presenting, advising, and project management of the build out of a wide variety of systems required.  Experience with commercial pharmaceutical / business information (SHS, Veeva CRM, Veeva Network, etc.
 This team includes SAP Basis, SAP BW/4HANA, Data Architecture, Database Administration (DBA), Content Management System development (CMS) and other business applications.  Experience:.  7+ years of experience in a related leadership role.  Bachelor's Degree in technology or business-related field.  Other Skills/Qualifications:.  Ability to develop and implement growth plans and programs.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Strong organizational and time management skills.  Ability to lead and develop technical resources.  Knowledge of formal project management concepts and methodologies. ! If you experience system-related issues or need assistance with the online application, please call (920) 720-7700.
 Take ownership not just of your products features, but of the overall success of clients end-to-end experience.  Subject matter expertise with pharma / life sciences drug development, including familiarity with clinical research process and patient-facing, consumer app functionality.  Experience with wearable sensor technologies including expecting feature sets and broad understanding of competitive offerings and critical use cases.  Familiarity with the process of developing, validating and driving adoption for clinical trials technology; Ideally have been directly involved in all three steps.  Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.  Experience leading SaaS products and Agile product development teams.  Agile experience strongly preferred.  Ability to interact with technical resources and translate business needs to a technical team; effectively communicate technical information and processes to relevant stakeholders.  Ability to interact with customer users to understand their pain points and turn those into actionable user stories and product plans.  Ability to effectively evaluate a problem or situation from all angles to determine the most appropriate solution.  Experience:.  At least 10 years of relevant experience in Life Sciences, Clinical Trial, or eClinicial software industry.  At least 5 years of related wearable sensor and/or patient-facing applications development experience.
 Proven Track Record ??Providing staffing services to major Systems Integrators including Accenture, Grant Thornton LLP and Deloitte LLP.  Skills Required.  10+ years of experience building responsive websites.  Strong experience with TypeScript.  Good Hands on experience in Angular, TypeScript, RxJs.  Good hands experience in HTML & CSS.  10+ years of experience building responsive websites.  Strong experience with TypeScript.  Good Hands on experience in Angular, TypeScript, RxJs.  Good hands experience in HTML & CSS.
 5+ years of relevant work experience at a PR/marketing agency or in a relevant in-house role in communications, journalism, marketing or a related field.  Proven ability to build and manage relationships with company stakeholders, executives, journalists and external partners.  Strong organizational and project management skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Experience with analyst relations.  Experience scaling communications efforts globally.  Experience with media tracking and/or data analytics tools (e.
 Desired Skills.  5+ years of project management experience, especially with web-based / mobile products.  Experienced working with ODM, OEM, CM highly desired.  Experienced in building HW and IOT devices.  Strong leadership and communication skills and the ability to teach others.  Ability to collaborate well with engineers, designers, and the marketing department.  Strong technical background in robotics, motion controls, sensors, mechatronics is a plus.  Serious consideration will be given to qualified candidates from computer vision fields with relevant hardware/firmware/software product development experience.  Experienced in setting up project schedules and work breakdown structures.  Ability to travel internationally to support builds.  Experience:.  5+ years of technical project management experience, especially with hardware/software development.  Bachelor's degree in a technical field (e.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related technical field.  15 years of relevant product lifecycle management experience.  Masters Degree in Computer Science or related technical field.  Industry experience is preferred.
 Come join our Platform AI (Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning) team and create core capabilities that power key next-generation ServiceNow solutions/products such as virtual assistants, chatbots, cognitive search, employee experience platforms, automatic knowledge curation, proactive customer service, and employee experience platforms.  Your mission will be to empower application developers on the ServiceNow platform, enabling them to build AI-first applications that drive outstanding user experiences; automate routine work; and provide insights and recommendations to optimize business processes.  Validate product designs and prototypes with customers.  7+ years of professional experience in Product Management.  Deep experience with data science, AI, ML, or analytics, either through a degree in technical and/or numerical disciplines like Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or Electrical Engineering, or equivalent work experience.  Experience delivering AI-powered products/solutions.  Strong prioritization skills and the discipline to focus on high impact activities.  Demonstrated experience in gathering and transforming product requirements into an actionable product roadmap.  Ability to travel approximately 15%.  Experience deriving insight from data and using it to transform business and/or operations.  Experience working with ServiceNow.
 The Alluxio team includes leaders, innovators, explorers, and risk-takers with extensive industry experience from top tech companies including Google, Palantir, Couchbase and VMWare and alumni from top computer science programs including CMU, Stanford and UC Berkeley.  Prior working experience in a Software Development Team.  Experience communicating technical concepts to a non-technical audience.  Experience working with stakeholders across many functions.  3+ years of experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and projects on tight deadlines.  Have meaningful experience designing, building, instrumenting, and supporting distributed systems on at least one major cloud provider, such as AWS, GCP or Azure.  5+ years of product management experience.  Masters degree in Engineering/Computer Science or a related technical discipline.  Master of Business Administration (MBA).
 Ability to provide leadership in the application of technology to data delivery, architectural and integration services to support FICO products and clients.  Ability to set goals and objectives and manage to them.  Ability to think strategically and apply strategies tactically.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Must be able to work effectively with all levels of an organization in both the technical and business departments.  Must be able to effectively communicate project and company vision.  Must possess a Client First Mentality.  Ability to achieve strategic goals through diplomacy and close, direct work with clients based on mutual trust.  Ability to resolves major client issues as they may arise by finding "win-win" solutions.  Ability to anticipate key market place trend, and opportunities and synthesizes new and improved ways of meeting business needs.  Ability to work collaboratively across business units with a company-wide, market-focused view of the future.  Experience and Qualifications:.  Possess a minimum of 10 years of relevant professional experience to include.   management consulting experience (a minimum of 5+years in consulting preferred),.  IT solution design experience of complex, large-scale, and strategic projects.  Experience of both technical infrastructure and software architecture, ideally working for a dynamic system integrator / value-add partner / solution provider in an external customer-focused environment.  Experience Preferred.  Solution design experience of portal services, directory and identity services, collaboration tools, networking solutions - both LAN and WAN infrastructure, server, desktop and storage and cloud architectures.  Strong industry experience in one or more industry area, including Healthcare, Financial service and Retail/Packages good.  Practical experience in Java, Web Services & Servers, Middleware, .  Experience with Web based technologies : HTML 5, CSS3, Javascript, XML, XSLT, Ajax, Java, JSP, Servlet, JSF.  Experience with LDAP, SAML.  Knowledge of OutSystems or FICO Application Studio is preferred.  Education and/or Certifications:.  Must have a BS degree in engineering, computer science, or a scientific-related field.
 Experience managing direct customer relationships at the senior executive level.  Experience managing the end-to-end delivery of large-scale solutions, from capture to deployment.  10+ years of experience engaging with DoD on product development initiatives.  10+ years Engineering experience, developing product for specific customer needs.  Ability to obtain a US GOVT security clearance.  Let us know if you have experience with:.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
 We are seeking a Principal Software Engineer experienced in building production ready data processing and machine learning pipelines.  Successful candidates will have a proven track record in all stages of the product development life cycle, from requirements definition through system design, development and deployment.  Candidates should have strong software architecture and development skills, with some experience in machine learning to join our team.  Must be a US Citizen and eligible to obtain a DoD security clearance.  10 or more years of experience in full stack software development.  At least 5 years of software engineering leadership experience.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong team player who can effectively contribute to project development.  Experience developing machine learning algorithms in Python or Java.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or a related discipline from an accredited university.  Experience with DoD or Intelligence Community (IC) programs.
 7+ years of experience in sales, training, sales management or product management in hearing care.  Experience in audiological fitting support for HCP's as they fit hearing instruments to consumers.  Experience in developing and supporting marketing plans with HCP's to help them grow their business with a specific product or product family.  Ability to travel overnight a minimum of 50%, and manage the logistics of travel independently.  Ability to sell, train and support customers using on-line tools.  A degree in audiology is preferred but not required if there is sufficient sales experience directly in hearing care.  Experience hiring and managing a direct sales force.  Experience working in or owning a private Audiology practice.
 Success in this position requires experience managing projects/engagements delivering Commercial Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Patient Analytics, Market Access Analytics & Managed Care Analytics solutions.  Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as:.  Required Skills & .  Experience:.  A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Economics, Statistics or a related field with 6-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets.
 Experience, and Specific Job Related Skills.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field or equivalent work experience required.  Experience Requirement:.  5+ years of product management experience with formal product management techniques, tools, and principles involved in planning and delivering new software products and services.  Excellent oral and written communication skills in English including vocabulary, spelling, composition, and grammar.  Excellent skills with specialized computer software for drafting and producing documents and diagrams.  Experience Preferred:.  Time management experience (managing own time and balancing many different projects simultaneously in a fast paced environment).  Telecommunications, software development, networking, hosted applications, or other similar technical products experience.  Ability to personally interact with technical resources and listen carefully, taking time to understand the points being made, and asking questions where appropriate.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 Preferred skills and experience:.  10+ years of experience with hands-on software development or technical consulting.  Proficiency in coding in 1 or 2 languages (e.  Knowledge of software testing practice; Test-driven development, setup and execution of automated test suites within a continuous integration framework.  Knowledge of data model design, working with relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, AWS Aurora, and MySQL, JDBC Connections and PL/SQL.  Many of the world's largest organizations use Appian applications to improve customer experience, achieve operational excellence, and simplify global risk management and compliance.
 Preferred skills and experience:.  10+ years of experience with hands-on software development or technical consulting.  Proficiency in coding in 1 or 2 languages (e.  Knowledge of software testing practice; Test-driven development, setup and execution of automated test suites within a continuous integration framework.  Knowledge of data model design, working with relational databases such as SQL Server, Oracle, AWS Aurora, and MySQL, JDBC Connections and PL/SQL.  Many of the world's largest organizations use Appian applications to improve customer experience, achieve operational excellence, and simplify global risk management and compliance.
 You will help develop and execute the product strategy of the company in line with its business goals, and with a focus on user reliability, experience, security and profitability. Responsibilities:Product leadership and management of technological platformsCollaborate with Technology, Regulatory and Clinical teams to achieve the Companys product development goalsImplement best practices and guideline to continually improve product usability, reliability, scalability, security, and profitabilityBuild and manage key customer relationships to continually understand and improve the customer journey and customer experienceManage product backlog from epics and themes through to user stories and acceptance criteriaAdvise team on product quality, product decisions and accompany them during the realization of concepts, both functional and technicalBasic Qualifications:.  Experience in developing both health care/medtech-centric and enterprise-grade products.  Proven understanding of product management methodologies and concepts.  Expert level proficiency in writing crystal clear user stories and acceptance criteria, and in managing a product backlog.  Strong leadership and communication skillsExtreme attention to detail and a relentless focus on quality.  Masters Degree in engineering from an accredited institutionPreferred Qualifications:Previous role as a lead Product Manager in an early stage technology companyUnderstanding of Artificial Intelligence concepts.  Experience building health care/medtech productsEarly career spent as a front-end developer.  Experience with medical devices, preferred but not required. 5+ years of relevant experienceWe are an equal opportunity employer.  Experience:relevant: 5 years (Required)Location:New York, NY 10003 (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:Other formsWork Location:One locationMultiple locationsOn the roadBenefits:NoneThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentSchedule:Monday to FridayOn callWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
Hans Kaspersetz, President & Chief StrategistAre you a project manager who has the skills and experience to see the big picture of a project's needs, while being always ready to dive into the weeds to adjust the critical path for success? Do you lead from a place of empowerment, while still being able to hold co-workers, partner agencies, and clients accountable to their deadlines?Are you seen as an exceptional communicator who regularly provides value to the client at every touchpoint?If you're looking to grow your leadership skills, work in an entrepreneurial environment, and gain hands-on experience with breakthrough technologies, then joining Arteric as a project manager may be the opportunity for you!As a Project Manager, You Will: Be accountable for the full project lifecycle: develop scopes of work and associated project plans and own the day-to-day operations to ensure that projects remain on track and within budgetLead internal and external status meetings: clearly capture notes, assign action items to team members, and own all necessary follow-upRelay clear and specific expectations, timelines, priorities, challenges, and new developments in detail to key internal and external team members/partiesOwn daily project plan components, including task estimation, resource allocations, and new work requestsCoordinate internal reviews and implementation-related quality assurance effortsCome from a place of perpetual learning, always seeking to improve and optimize processes, develop new ones, and participate in the overall growth of the department and agencyWork with Jira짰, Smartsheet짰, or other project management toolsEliminate scope creep by ensuring that projects remain within parameters identified in the scope of workCommunicate issues, bug reports, and change orders to leadershipDocument lessons learned, update best practices, and share this information with internal teamsPosition Requirements2+ years of pharmaceutical agency experience in managing a variety of digital products: websites, Web apps, CRM campaigns, SEO, and SEM campaignsUnderstanding of CMSs, especially WordPressUnderstanding of different project management methodologies (agile, waterfall) and best practices for Web development and digital marketing.  Knowledge and experience with the pharmaceutical submission and approval process.  Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and budgets in a fast-paced digital agencyBachelor's degreeExquisite communicatorCalm under pressureDetail orientedWhat's In It For You?When you join Arteric, you will experience opportunities and challenges that will catalyze your growth. About UsAt Arteric, our mission is to explore the boundaries of the possible and create life-changing experiences through feature-rich, defect-free deliverables that work everywhere and every time. Job Type: Full-timeApplication Question:More specifically, can you describe your experience managing website, SEO/analytics, or Veeva-related projects as a part of a pharmaceutical drug launch?Benefits:Health insuranceRetirement planPaid time offThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:arteric.
 5+ years product management experience or advertising experience or bizops/product strategy experience.  2+ years experience at consulting, technology or investment banking firm or 2+ years experience at an equity research firm or 2+ years experience in a public policy/legal field ??e.  Experience managing a team of 5 or more PMs for at least 2 years.  Organizational and analytical experience.  BS/BA Computer Science/Math/Statistics.  Masters Degree or MBA or MPP or JD.
 Current, active US Government Security Clearance of Secret or aboveBS in computer science, or related technical, math, or scientific field3+ years of relevant experience in building large scale enterprise IT systems2+ year of experience with data engineering, ETL, and data wrangling1+ year of public cloud computing experience in AWS.  If you have experience with AI, including building ML or DL models, wed like to have you join our team.  Masters or PhD degree in computer science, or related technical, math, or scientific fieldWorking knowledge of deep learning, machine learning and statistics. User interface experience with Javascript, HTML.  Knowledge of ETL tools and databases (both SQL-based, NoSQL).  Experience in using Python, ProgR, or Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software.  Strong communication and data presentation skillsThe motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced environment.
 We strive to connect members of our community so they could learn from each others experience.  Bachelors Degree or equivalency (CS, CE, CIS, IS, MIS, or engineering discipline) or equivalent work experience.  Minimum of 15+ years overall IT industry experience.  Experience in architecting and designing technical solutions for Microsoft-centric solutions based on industry standards using Azure IaaS, PaaS and SaaS capabilities.  Experience with Microsoft Cloud solutions: Azure AD, Intune MDM + MAM, EM+S, and PowerShell scripts.  Experience with machine learning tools such as Azure ML, IBM, AWS, etc.  Experience with claims-based authentication (SAML/OAuth/OIDC), MFA, and RBAC.  Knowledge of Virtualization (Hyper V, VMware, Xen), Cisco IOS, Firewalls, and Routers.  Knowledge of cloud security controls including tenant isolation, encryption at rest, encryption in transit, key management, vulnerability assessments, application firewalls, SIEM, etc.  Experience building and supporting mission critical technology components with DR capabilities.  Extensive, real-world experience designing technology components for enterprise solutions and defining solution architectures and reference architectures with a focus on cloud technologies.
 The ideal candidate has a broad range of experience across multiple service and client technologies, and proven ability to succeed across organizational boundaries.  This role influences, owns, and builds processes and tools that have many touch points across Office, Windows, Microsoft 365, Xbox, C+AI and other partners, in order to deploy AI to personalize customer experiences and deliver the most relevant, engaging content.  Build scalable AI systems that personalize customer experiences across Microsoft.  5+ years program management or other relevant experience.  Strong analytic skills and great attention to detail.  Experience driving technical features and creative processes (online services a plus).  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor's degree in engineering.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
 The ideal candidate has a broad range of experience across multiple service and client technologies, and proven ability to succeed across organizational boundaries.  This role influences, owns, and builds processes and tools that have many touch points across Office, Windows, Microsoft 365, Xbox, C+AI and other partners, in order to deploy AI to personalize customer experiences and deliver the most relevant, engaging content.  Build scalable AI systems that personalize customer experiences across Microsoft.  2+ years program management or other relevant experience.  Strong analytic skills and great attention to detail.  Experience driving technical features and creative processes (online services a plus).  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor's degree in engineering.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
Are you an experienced visual creative professional who wants to define APL's strategic identity across all forms of media and the Lab's campuses?.  Do you have experience guiding diverse teams in the enterprise-wide redefinition of quality and identity?.  A Bachelor's degree in visual communications, graphic design or a related field.  At least 10 years of demonstrated leadership experience in strategic communications, to include major campaign implementation, graphic design, visual communications, advertising, identity and/or branding, collateral creation, and use of research and analysis.  Demonstrated experience in leading and collaborating across complex organizations.  Experience leading and working with creative teams in a dynamic environment.  Excellent interpersonal, analytical, critical thinking, project management and organizational communications skills.  Have familiarity with one or more scientific or technical subjects, including, but not limited to: engineering, computer science, homeland security, defense, national security, space science, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, synthetic biology or related subjects.  Experience with defining enterprise-level graphic communications or re-branding.
 Enlitic is seeking an experienced Software Engineer to join the Engineering team to support next generation AI enhanced medical diagnostics.  The experience and qualifications we hope you bring to the position:.  15+ years experience with a Bachelor's, .  Masters, PhD, or MD Degree in related field.  Prior deep learning experience is required ??CV or NLP preferred.  Proven experience building and leading Deep Learning Teams in both research and production.  You are an expert in scientific computing and systems and have model prototyping experience in TensorFlow (preferred)/PyTorch/Theano with GPUs.
 We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  We are looking for Engineering Manager to help us lead this effort in making Teams Meeting a first class experience used by millions of people worldwide and building a high performance eng team.  10+ years of software development experience in at least one of the following languages: C++, C#, Java, TypeScript, AngularJS and/or ReactJS, or other OO language BS Degree in CS or related engineering field, out of which 4 years as EM.  Strong passion for delivering high quality, large scale services in storage, search, data or related areas.  Ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies and adopt solution from within the company or from the Open Source community.  Experience with deploying, running and maintaining large scale services.
 As a part of our team, you'd be responsible for building amazing new features and driving critical improvements to deliver the highest quality user experience that Apple customers expect and love!.  Experience managing large and sophisticated software programs for consumer products at scale.  Self-motivated and proactive, with proven creative and critical thinking capabilities.  Excellent communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all levels of an organization.  Innate drive to improve how things work, strong technical skills with an aptitude for design and user experience.  Ability to, directly and indirectly, lead large teams for success.  Prior experience working on speech and NL products is a major plus.  - Be the voice of the customer; partner with design and champion features that build a beautiful, compelling and intuitive end-user experience.  Experience.  BS/MS/PhD CS/CE/EE or Equivalent.  Strong technical proficiency, with experience in and passion for speech recognition and natural language processing.  Familiarity with agile development methodologies and experiencing influencing and driving adoption in your workplaceBonus: prior programming experience within a workplace or academic environment.
 As our support leader, you will be on the frontline in providing the best experience and gaining insight into our users.  You should be passionate about providing customers and freelancers with a timely and robust experience.  Define a vibrant culture and robust on-boarding experience for a fully remote team.  Minimum of 4 years leading teams in an application support or SaaS customer support with experience in managing process improvements with measurable positive outcomes.  Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experience leading a remote workforce is preferred.  (Excel knowledge is a plus, Zendesk experience is needed).  Must be a self started who is collaborative, customer-focused and project-oriented.  Excellent communication skills with a keen attention to detail while handling multiple priorities.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in engineering or a related field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in engineering or a related field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in a relevant field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in computational sciences or a related field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
 As part of our evolution, we are innovating at a rapid pace, designing new experiences that extend from the security professional to the consumer spaces.  We are on a One Microsoft journey, connecting our ecosystem experiences and putting customers at the center.  Our studios are large, open, spaces where designers, managers, and producers work collaboratively to craft experiences.  You will also learn about our technologies and their impact, so that you can translate business and technology into compelling customer-focused solutions and experiences.  Responsible for designing and measuring experiences to understand how new products and technologies, impact our partners, business, and customer.  Strong experience building, managing, and leading product design teams.  Bachelor's/.  Masters degree in product design, HCI, interaction design, industrial design, communication design, architecture, or equivalent experience.  10+ years of work and management related experience required.  Must have strong communication skills.  Ability to demonstrate and present an in-depth knowledge of fundamental engineering practices.  Ability to communicate insight effectively to all levels of stakeholders.  Experience with Security space is a plus, but not a requirement.
 Bachelors or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science or Information Systems and 2 years of experience in the job offered or 2 years of experience in Big data, Machine learning, Artificial intelligence, RPA, Product development as well as 2 years of experience implementing strategic initiatives development and overseeing and implementing programs and projects.
 Experience with Andriod/IOS/IOT Devices.  Desired Skills and Abilities:.  Must have autonomous computer knowledge.  Must be computer savvy and knowledgeable in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, etc.  Must have excellent verbal and communication skills.  Strong attention to detail with the ability to multi-task.  Ability to meet urgent deadlines, organize and prioritize projects.  Must be resourceful, work as a team player as well as independently.  Must be able to lift up to 20lbs, sit for extended periods of time, stairs, reach, twist, bend, stretch, climb, walk and/or run.  Must be able to work in an office/testing lab setting.  Must be able to work in a fast paced environment.  Must be 18 years or older and eligible to work in the US.  Must be able to read, write and speak English.  Must pass a Background Check.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in engineering or a related field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
7+ years of relevant engineering experience.  Experience in partnering with product and program management teams3+ years of people management experience, managing engineersBachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. 3+ years experience as a software engineer3+ years of experience managing software development teams, including managing the complete software development life cycle for large scale products and services, within an Agile/Scrum environment. 5+ years experience conducting scoping technical requirements, and prioritizing program deliverables. 5+ years experience in releasing software across multiple software teams.  You will have an enormous opportunity to impact the customer experience, design, architecture, and implementation of cutting edge experiences in new form factors that will be used every day by Alexa customers.  You are a leader with technical experience, a demonstrated progression of management scope, and a passion for managing engineering talent in a fast-paced environment.  Graduate degree in Computer Science or a related field.  Experience shipping natural language understanding products or other products that leverage machine learning.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  BS in life sciences or a related field.  8-10 years of experience in business development and/or strategic program management relating to scientific or translational research.  Ability to work effectively on multiple projects and priorities simultaneously, while maintaining a high standard of quality.  Strong interpersonal communication and political acumen skills.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  He/she must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Experience with Windows Server and Workstation.  Familiarity with Linux.  Experience administering Windows Active Directory.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Experience Youll Need (Required):.  3-7 years of professional experience in an analytics role at a health plan/payer/insurer, healthcare analytics firm, consulting firm, or hospital system. , CMS-HCC, HHS-HCC, CDPS) and risk adjustment in healthcare.  Experience working with healthcare data (claims, encounter submissions, eligibility, etc.  Proven ability to approach complex problems and design, execute, and communicate data-driven solutions.  Graduate degree with a quantitative, healthcare, or technical focus (e.  Prior employment or consulting experience with Medicaid MCOs.  Experience interpreting state Medicaid agency rate setting documentation.  Experience with predictive modeling or machine learning.  Exceptional Presentation Skills.
 Required Skills:.  7+ years of experience in sales, strategy, product development, or other client-facing role.
 Demonstrated experience in artificial intelligence and/or motion planning.  Must be U.
 Have experience running meetings.  What skills, education and experience should you possess?.  BA/BS degree in business or related field or equivalent experience.  10+ years experience in Client-facing Ad Agency / Publisher / Ad Network / Advertising Technology Vendor / Technical Engineering or Account Management role.  Experience building, managing and maintaining world-class client-facing teams.  Experience with SaaS business models a plus and familiarity with MRR, ARR, churn and customer life-cycles.  Excellent verbal and presentation skills, with experience with client-facing presentations.  Deep experience in working cross-functionally and facilitating and streamlining communication between teams.  Excellent time management and strong organization skills with an analytical, process-oriented mindset.  Ability to maintain poise under stress, especially when resolving clients' time-sensitive issues.  Ability to manage influence through persuasion, negotiation, and consensus-building.  Experienced leadership and founding team.
 Imagen's technical team is comprised of machine learning PhDs and engineers with extensive experience doing research and building technology and products at leading companies, including Google and Facebook.  2-4 years of experience managing complex data sets and creating meaningful insights.  Proven track record of delivering results against tight timelines and constrained budgets.
 Knowledge, Skills and .  Experience.  Bachelor's Degree in journalism, International Relations, Political Science, Economics or any other Social Sciences required.  3+ years' experience managing a team of direct reports.  Ability to act easily in a global environment, with understanding of cultural differences and behavior.  Ability to write error-free is a must.  Proficiency in other languages, especially Spanish and/or Portuguese.  Strong preference to be located near Plantation, Florida.
 2+ years of experience in the startup ecosystem or within a technology company3-10 years of technology related sales or business development experienceBA/BS degree required.  MBA/MA/MS degreePrevious cloud expertise at a technology companyA technical background in engineering or computer scienceHistory of working for, or selling to tech startups.  Virtual location will be considered for candidates with significant relevant experience.
 The right candidate will also have had experience creating or contributing to solutions that integrate cybersecurity and specialized information technology spanning clinical, research or administrative settings in the healthcare or allied fields.  Masters of Arts (MA)/.  Masters of Science (MS) with a minimum of fifteen (15) years of experience in information technology or cybersecurity, or the equivalent of 10 additional years of experience will be accepted in lieu of a MA/MS.  Must possess at least one Advanced IT cybersecurity certification (CISSP (preferred), CISM, CISA, CIPP, CEH, or the equivalent).  Must possess expertise in multiple areas of information technology such as but not limited to: enterprise security architecture, cybersecurity engineering, telecommunications systems design, IT operations, risk assessments, vulnerability management, cloud technologies, system security, the Internet of Things (IoT) and privacy for both traditional and next-generation IT digital architectures.  Knowledge and familiarity with cybersecurity practices and trends for US government information technology, especially at VA or DoD, although we value similar cybersecurity experience acquired at other federal agencies or departments.  Familiarity with one or more US government initiatives such as the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and Privacy Framework, the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), the Risk Management Framework (RMF), Federal Identity Credential and Access Management (FICAM) or Electronic Health Records Management (EHRM).  Familiarity with healthcare and medical security and privacy requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations governing the use of medical devices as well as other federal mandates.  Knowledge of assessment frameworks such as HITRUST.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience as a Systems Engineer or Product Owner.  Experience working in a multi-project, multiple customer environment.  Experience in systems engineering activities such as requirements definition, system design and architecture, operational environment integration and testing.  Experience in End-to-End/System-of-System integration.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Experience with Agile development methodologies.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Experience supporting briefings and engagements with customers.  Ability to perform effectively in a team environment, interacting with developers, technical leadership, other engineers, and management.  Desired Skills:.  Experience interfacing with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Space Force or Air Force personnel at various levels, ideally with experience in both acquisition programs and operational units of multiple servicesUnderstanding of the operational and tactical level command and control and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance systems in use by the U.  Ability to build strong relationships with program internal and external stakeholders and peers.  Ability to facilitate group discussions to close on technical solutions with senior team members.  Experience with AI/ML concepts, tools, and methodologies.  Experience with on-contract, new work proposal development such as Task Orders, major Engineering Change Proposals or the equivalent inclusive of customer engagement, scope definition, solution development, cost estimating and sub-contractor engagementActive TS/SCI clearanceThe candidate should possess a high degree of ethics, strong core values and an optimistic outlook, and show the ability to work independently with initiative, creativity and innovation.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Familiarity with developing procedures and processes to guide the team in execution of their tasksSupport program Leadership in creating and managing project roadmaps/schedules and evaluating new Technical Direction Letter (TDL) requests.  Experience supporting operations of multiple software applications delivered and/or updated through multiple iterative deliveries.  Experience as a team lead or managerSuccessful record of driving projects to completion.  Strong team building and motivational skills.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Ability to perform effectively in a team environment, interacting with developers, technical leadership, other engineers, and management.  Desired Skills:.  Experience standing up a new operations support team.  Experience with software development.  Experience providing operations support to software application hosting hardware.  Experience interfacing with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Space Force or Air Force personnel at various levels, ideally with experience in both acquisition programs and operational units of multiple servicesUnderstanding of the operational and tactical level command and control systems in use by the U.  Ability to build strong relationships with program internal and external stakeholders and peers.  Ability to facilitate group discussions to close on technical solutions with senior team members.  Experience with AI/ML concepts, tools, and methodologies.  Experience with Agile development methodologiesActive TS/SCI clearanceThe candidate should possess a high degree of ethics, strong core values and an optimistic outlook, and show the ability to work independently with initiative, creativity and innovation.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience as a Project Engineer or Systems Engineer.  Strong organizational skills.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Experience with Agile development methodologies.  Ability to perform effectively in a team environment, interacting with developers, technical leadership, other engineers, and management.  Desired Skills:.  Experience interfacing with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Space Force or Air Force personnel at various levels, ideally with experience in both acquisition programs and operational units of multiple services.  Experience developing roadmaps and schedules.  Experience in End-to-End/System-of-System integration.  Experience with process and procedure generation.  Experience as a Scrum master or Release Train Engineer.  Experience with Risk Management.  Ability to build strong relationships with program internal and external stakeholders and peers.  Experience with AI/ML concepts, tools, and methodologies.  Experience in proposal development such as costing, technical writing, capture management.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Familiarity with developing procedures and processes to guide the team in execution of their tasksSupport program Leadership in creating and managing project roadmaps/schedules and evaluating new Technical Direction Letter (TDL) requestsSupport the initial program startup, including development of the approaches and procedures to be used by the Integration and Deployment Team.  Experience as a team lead or manager.  Strong team building and motivational skills.  Strong problem-solving skills.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Experience writing and delivering process and procedure documentation.  Ability to perform effectively in a team environment, interacting with developers, technical leadership, other engineers, and management.  Desired Skills:.  Experience supporting software application system operations in a DoD warfighting environment.  Experience interfacing with US Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Space Force or Air Force personnel at various levels, ideally with experience in both acquisition programs and operational units of multiple services.  Experience deploying software into existing hardware platforms including embedded systemsUnderstanding of the operational and tactical level command and control systems in use by the U.  Ability to build strong relationships with program internal and external stakeholders and peers.  Ability to facilitate group discussions to close on technical solutions with senior team members.  Experience with AI/ML concepts, tools, and methodologies.  Experience with Agile development methodologiesActive TS/SCI clearanceThe candidate should possess a high degree of ethics, strong core values and an optimistic outlook, and show the ability to work independently with initiative, creativity and innovation.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 This position over time will draw on skills in Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V, and Linux administration.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience.  Hands-on experience administering Windows and Unix servers.  Hands-on experience with Citrix or VMWare is a plus.
 Experience in segmenting and prioritizing market opportunities, and establish related go-to-market plans to focus business development efforts.  Inspire the team by sharing your knowledge and experiences to support the development of your colleagues!.  Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, or IT.  Experience: 3 - 5+ years of experience in sales and business development for applications and software products.  3 - 5+ years of B2B sales experience in key industry segments.  Security industry applications experience is a plus!.
 MITREs Collaboration and Social Computing Department is seeking a Lead Software Engineer with extensive experience in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Software Engineering concepts and tools.  While the selected candidate will work on a wide variety of efforts, there is an immediate need for an individual with very strong AI/ML/NLP, computer vision, and software engineering skills, as well as leadership and extensive customer-facing experience, to take on a challenging sponsor project known as the LEADS Program.  Demonstrate technical proficiency and leadership in producing software solutions that address sponsor requirements and needs.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar field.  Must be a US citizen capable of obtaining and maintaining a Top Secret Clearance. 8 + years experience with programming languages such as Python and C++, as well as professional experience with AI frameworks such as TensorFlow, Torch, Caffe, AWS Machine Learning or Keras.  Specialization in an AI-related field of study, or related job experience. Customer-facing experience.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Masters Degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or similar field.
 You will play an advisory role to customers as they deploy and optimize our product, build long-term strategic relationships with both customers and partners, and ensure optimal customer experience and outcomes.  You have 2+ years of account management, implementation, or sales experience in software/SaaS.  You have experience in explaining technical solutions, establishing goals, developing opportunities, building + selling business cases, and improving customer experience.  You have experience supporting deployments with large enterprise customers.  You have experience building strong internal and external relationships, including with senior-level executives throughout companies.
 Proven Track Record ??Providing staffing services to major Systems Integrators including Accenture, Grant Thornton LLP and Deloitte LLP.  The successful candidate must possess proven technical ability in the architecture, deployment, and sustainment of COTS, GOTS, and custom-built applications.  Five years of experience in computer system engineering; hardware and software analysis, system integration, and system maintenance.  With a minimum of three years of work related experience in the following computer related areas: Networks, servers, and systems management; Public Key Infrastructure, IT customer support; computer server and workstation installation, diagnosis and repair; technical writing; computer security; knowledge management; database administration, design and management; system maintenance; information technology project management; information system testing.  Knowledge of a range of current information technologies, computing platforms, and network systems, such as: cloud computing, blade server, unified communications, collaboration tools, cryptographic systems, social networks tools, enterprise services bus.  Experience securing Operating Systems to comply with DISA STIGs.  Network experience configuring and maintaining desktop firewalls.  Experience configuring security policies to protect system applications.  Bachelor's in Science degree in Computer Engineering, computer information systems, telecommunications, or management information systems, or 12 years overall experience relevant to this position or equivalent.
 You will help develop and execute the product strategy of the company in line with its business goals, and with a focus on user reliability, experience, security and profitability. Responsibilities:Product leadership and management of technological platformsCollaborate with Technology, Regulatory and Clinical teams to achieve the Companys product development goalsImplement best practices and guideline to continually improve product usability, reliability, scalability, security, and profitabilityBuild and manage key customer relationships to continually understand and improve the customer journey and customer experienceManage product backlog from epics and themes through to user stories and acceptance criteriaAdvise team on product quality, product decisions and accompany them during the realization of concepts, both functional and technicalBasic Qualifications:.  Experience in developing both health care/medtech-centric and enterprise-grade products.  Proven understanding of product management methodologies and concepts.  Expert level proficiency in writing crystal clear user stories and acceptance criteria, and in managing a product backlog.  Strong leadership and communication skillsExtreme attention to detail and a relentless focus on quality.  Masters Degree in engineering from an accredited institutionPreferred Qualifications:Previous role as a lead Product Manager in an early stage technology companyUnderstanding of Artificial Intelligence concepts.  Experience building health care/medtech productsEarly career spent as a front-end developer.  Experience with medical devices, preferred but not required. 5+ years of relevant experienceWe are an equal opportunity employer.  Experience:relevant: 5 years (Required)Location:San Francisco, CA (Required)Additional Compensation:Other formsWork Location:One locationMultiple locationsOn the roadBenefits:NoneWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Masters or PhD in computer science, engineering, physics, mathematics, statistics or quantitative finance.  8+ years of experience in the operational risk & compliance domain and in the transaction monitoring space across all relevant business lines (wealth & asset management, private & investment banking, correspondent banking).  3 + years of development, deployment or model validation experience in Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning based transaction monitoring solutions, preferably in the public domain context.  Very solid experience in navigating within a complex, global tier-1 financial services organization, in particular in successfully collaborating with internal stakeholders like Group IT and model governance, and external stakeholders like regulatory authorities in the US, APAC and Europe.  Strong track record in successful and participatory leadership of highly diverse and globally distributed teams of 30+ professionals.  Ideally, some additional experience in system configuration or deployment experience with Siron, TQMM and Fortent platforms, in the area of data strategy and data architecture development and execution, and in cryptographic protocols.  LI-UBS.  Expert advice.  UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.
, math, computer science, physics, engineering) from an accredited college or university14+ years of professional experience including at least 4 years of management experience7+ years of professional experience in an IT sales organization or an IT consulting role1+ year of ML industry experienceWillingness to travel to meet with customers (~40% of time).  You will also have a strong understanding of large-scale AI/ML solutions as well as proven leadership and team-building skills.  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a management consultant, ML practitioner, analytics delivery lead, or industry executive and an appreciation of the advantages of cloud computing.  Graduate degree (e. , MBA, MS, JD, PhD).  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to listen to the voice of the customer and to work effectively and collaboratively across internal and external teams.  Excellent speaking and presentation skills including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations, as well as strong writing skillsBusiness understanding of cloud computingFun to work with, team-oriented and results-driven.
BA/BS degree in graphic design, HCI, interaction design, or related field.  May be substituted with significant industry experience and accomplishments. 10+ years of experience in product, web, and mobile UX design.  Strong communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate design concepts clearly and persuasively across different audiences and varying levels of the organization.  Ability to organize, plan, and stay ahead of the work.  Experience designing UX across different types of devices and screen sizes.  Proficiency in a variety of design tools such as Sketch, Figma, Illustrator, Photoshop, Axure, Invision, Flinto.  Proven ability to both deliver a bold vision and iterate quickly on concepts to arrive at an amazing customer experience.  Experience in a wide range of qualitative and quantitative user research methodologies.  Excellent writing skills.  What will artificial intelligence and data science look like in 10 years? How do we design tools and rich user interfaces to empower millions of humans working with code and data: scientists, engineers, developers, analysts, students, and data scientists? How would you design a dashboard for managing complex machine learning experiments? How will people collaborate in the creation and sharing of narratives based on code, data, and AI? How do we build tools that encourage practitioners and organizations towards the ethical usage of AI? How can we design user experiences that empower humans as they work alongside AI-based systems? Are you up for a challenge to develop a comprehensive and ambitious design strategy for the future of AI?.  The foundation of the SageMaker user experience is the industry standard, open-source Jupyter Notebook.  You are an experienced design leader, ready to champion human centered design to simplify complicated and painful customer tasks and activities in data science and machine learning.  As a design leader, you have deep knowledge and practical experience in all aspects of UX design for software applications, from user research and design concept creation to visual and interaction design and usability testing.  Masters degree in graphic design, HCI, interaction design, or related field preferred.  May be substituted with significant industry experience and accomplishments.  Experience in managing design teams.  Experience working in a collaborative team, partnering closely with product management to define use cases and requirements, and working directly with developers on implementation of your designs.  Experience in information architecture design. Prior design experience in the field of data science, developer tools, and machine learning tools.  Familiarity with personas relevant to the AWS AI platform: data scientists, scientists, machine learning researchers, analysts, students, and teachers.  Experience in inclusive UX design and web accessibility.
 Pilgrims is headquartered in beautiful Greeley, Colorado, at the JBS USA corporate office where our 1,200 employees enjoy more than 300 days of sunshine a year.  Masters or Ph.  degree in Applied mathematics, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Statistics, Business Analytics or related fields.  Three or more years of Data Science experience preferred.  Solid technical and-on skills in machine learning (regression, classification, clustering, dimensionality reduction), deep learning (CNN, RNN/LSTM), time series data, optimization, anomaly detection, statistical algorithms, and data engineering.  SAP BI HANA knowledge and QlikSense reporting proficiency.  Strong ability to use logic and excellent problem-solving skills.  Demonstrated experience with agile development methods.  Experience in agricultural/meat/animal husbandry industries is a plus.
 Drive cost takeout activities, elimination of manual processes, mitigate risk, improve customer experience and accuracy.  Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used.  Progressive experience in leading employees in multiple locations, and significant experience developing and implementing solutions.  Experience with Lean Six Sigma and/or other process improvement methodologies is desirable.  Ability to collect and analyze large amounts of data, interpret data, to detect errors, and prepare reports.  Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experience.  10+ years demonstrated experience managing multiple functions.
 Excellent business development, sales & marketing skills to get client projects for developing solutions based on Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Deep Learning & Data Science.  Proven track record of securing client projects and revenueBusiness development, marketing & sales experience in various domains / verticals such as Insurance, Finance, Banking, Supply chain, Document management (DMS), Industrial, Manufacturing, IoT, Smart Cities, Infrastructure, Energy, Healthcare, Medical, Government projects, Defense, etc.  Excellent communication skills.  Masters DegreeNice to have - familiarity of latest IT trends, AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data ScienceCompensationFor the 1st year - 100% commission / profit sharing based compensation based on the client projects that you would help to get and deliver.  Experience:Business Development: 5 years (Preferred).
8+ years related experience in program and business analysis, including process improvement, project management, and budget preparation activities.  Experience with US Army or USMC maneuver warfare is required. Coding experience with AI/ML highly desired.  Experience planning, coordinating, and sequencing software/IT delivery tasks in an Agile software development environment.  Excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.  Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesPowerful analytical and problem solving skills ??including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. Advanced MS Word and PowerPoint skills; proficient Excel and Outlook application skills.  Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion.  Experience with navigating the Pentagons processes and the military chain of command is desirable.  Experience with the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process is also desirable.  Must have a DoD Top Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain an SCI.
, math, computer science, physics, engineering) from an accredited college or university7+ years of professional experience1+ year of professional experience in an IT sales organization or an IT consulting role1+ year of ML industry experienceWillingness to travel to meet with customers (~40% of time).  The ideal candidate will have past experience working as a management consultant, ML practitioner, analytics delivery lead, or industry executive and an appreciation of the advantages of cloud computing.  Graduate degree (e. , MBA, MS, JD, PhD).  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as the ability to listen to the voice of the customer and to work effectively and collaboratively across internal and external teams.  Excellent speaking and presentation skills including formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations, as well as strong writing skillsBusiness understanding of cloud computingFun to work with, team-oriented and results-driven.
 Strong problem-solving skills and ability to clarify ambiguity.  BSEE, BS Physics, or BS Solid State Engineering or Similar.  10+ years of experience in Product, Test, Reliability, and/or DFT engineering.  5+ years of experience in engineering management.  12 years of engineering management experience.  Knowledge of networking industry expectations with respect to quality and performance.  Knowledge of specialized tests used in networking industry.  Experience in background in DFT engineering, semiconductor processing, and product engineering.  Experience with and understanding of yield modeling, yield analysis, and yield improvement methodologies.  Experience designing and/or managing high volume manufacturing semiconductor test methods.  Experience with automation of semiconductor test Handlers.  Knowledge of documentation and controls necessary to run a stable test floor.  Experience with Semiconductor Characterization methodologies.  Experience with and understanding of Reliability models and methods.  Knowledge of Networking Industry Reliability expectations and requirements.  Experience building and maintaining highly motivated teams.
 Minimum five years of experience in Product Management role.  Minimum three years of experience shipping AI/ML or Analytics products.  Ability to communicate the logic, reason, and priority of each CUJ.  Ability to iterate on user stories and solutions efficiently and intelligently.  Ability to juggle multiple priorities and effectively deliver in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Familiarity with Analytics, Big Data, and public Cloud technologies.  Strong project management capabilities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong work ethic and the utmost attention to detail.  Masters degree in Computer Science, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Data Science or related field.  Previous product management experience in Public Cloud area.
 First-hand experience of developing and maintaining Managed Services is preferred.  5+ years services of services management experience.  Strong communicator and listener with technical and non-technical colleagues.  Experience working with SaaS delivered B2B tools.  A Bachelor's Degree or equivalent in real-world experience.  Experience.  Experience working with developers and IT leaders a plus.
 Manage customer experiences from client cultivation, through sale, through project management, and providing ongoing support.  Drive consistency of effort in utilizing the tools and training provided to deliver world-class customer experience in our professional solutions offerings.  Masters Degree preferred.  Enterprise ticketing application experience ??ServiceNow or BMC Remedy Service Management experience preferred.  Experience:.  Three (3)+ years hands-on experience acting in the role of client delivery / project manager for multiple enterprise Information Technology (Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3) Operations environment customer accounts, managing all activities from the contract initiation, liaison for communication, escalation, change control, and customer satisfaction processes between technical staff and the client.  We are a Certified Microsoft Partner with extensive Microsoft technologies experience.  Federal Government experience * Visionary executive leadership * .  Expert professional services team comprised of highly skilled engineers and software developers * Rapid growth over the last several years.
 Education, skills and experience required.  Experience in Global Data Privacy & Protection Regulations.  Experience in writing policies, standards and procedures that embed in a risk-controlled environment.  Experience in a data management role is also a significant advantage.
 This is an opportunity to join a new team in Apple AI/ML that is investigating novel visual capabilities of Siri across all Apple products that will transform the way people engage with the world around them! Were looking for strong program managers to work on groundbreaking technology, collaborate with experts across Apple, and deliver new end-to-end experiences that delight customers.  5+ years experience as a Program Manager, Data Scientist, Engineering Manager, or similar role leading cross-functional product or software engineering teams.  Experience managing large, highly complex software programs for consumer products at scale.  Experience in statistical learning software (machine learning and/or deep-learning).  Excellent communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all levels of an organization.  Innate drive to improve how things work, strong technical skills with an eye for design and user experience.  Experience.  BS/MS/PhD CS/CE/EE or Equivalent.  Additional RequirementsPrior experience working on speech, natural language, and/or artificial intelligencePrior experience working in computer vision projects.
 Works with the Validation department to ensure new innovative solutions and technologies are evolved in a compliant and usable manner by Regeneron.  Knowledge and Skills:.  Knowledge of IoT (Internet of Things, RPA (Robotic Process Automation), Cloud Services, Predictive Data Modeling, Sensors, ML (Machine Learning), AR (Augmented Reality), AI (Artificial Intelligence), Process Automation.  Excellent oral and written communication skills are required.  Excellent interpersonal skills.  Must exhibit strong judgment and time management skills.  Strong customer service focus.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in Information Technology, Engineering or Computer Sciences and 7 + years industry experience in Information Systems and Technology.  Experience in a GMP manufacturing environment and experience in a biotech/pharma environment strongly preferred.  Bachelors degree in Information Technology, Engineering or Computer Sciences and 8+ years industry experience in Information Systems and Technology.  Experience with innovative and forward leading technologies and partners.  Experience with IT Compliance guidelines as per GAMP 5.
 The Scrum Master at Nuance Healthcare is a servant-leader responsible for the divisions most sacred unit: The Scrum Team.  The Scrum Master ultimately ensures that the Scrum Team understands and employs scrum, as defined by the Scrum Guide.  Education: Bachelor's degree.  Experience: 12+.  Required Skills:.  Agile certification is a plus, but experience is more important.  Experience.  Excellent team player and team builder.  Ability to work with minimal supervision in a very dynamic and timeline-sensitive work environment.  Excellent interpersonal skills, ability to work with diverse personality types.  Strong familiarity with modern engineering terminology, practices, and toolsets.
 Deliver agile strategies, recommendations and solutions that will overall improve our clients HR employee experience and HR outcomes.  Specifically, within our DEO offering, our HR Transformation Consultants, along with improving the employee experience, will drive to adjust and manage our clients efforts to move transactional back-office to the front office.  Additionally, engage our clients in rethinking their process and HR administration operations to drive the best experience at an optimal cost.  Minimum 10 years of external consulting experience or other relevant experience related to successful delivery of HR Transformation.  Minimum 3 years of experience in one or more of the following HCM platforms: ServiceNow, Workday, Success Factors, Oracle, PeopleSoft, and SAP.  Ability to independently understand and transition into Capgeminis methodologies and approaches.  Ability to build, develop and implement and engage in new service delivery approaches; possibly different from the status quo.  Experienced with creating thoughtful presentations in clear action driven and outcome-oriented ways.  Ability to meet travel requirements where needed.  Expert Role during transformation projects for internal and external clients.  Should be experienced in People skills (Task Manager), Stakeholder Management and Benchmarking & Best Practices Assessment.  Organization BSv.
 Excellent business acumen is needed to collaborate with all functions in the organization to deliver new products, ongoing software releases and execute end of life plans as needed.  Strong analysis and strategic thinking skills that can translate market needs and competitive analysis into product vision, strategy and execution.  Knowledge of lean startup preferred.  Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.  7-10 years of product management experience, with 4 years healthcare data analytics or similar fields ??healthcare and software combined ideal.  4-7 years experience directly managing others.  Bachelors degree in business, sciences or engineering.  2-4 years of hands on experience with BI tools, analytics and visualization technologies and solution, such as Tableau, Looker, Qlik, or Power BI.  Experience with predictive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.  2 years of experience with big data architectures, data lakes and analytics using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure and/or Google Cloud.  Master of Business Administration (MBA) or job-related masters degree.  Pathology or Clinical Laboratory experience a plus.  Knowledge of health information management (HIM) principles, HL7, FHIR, CDA, DICOM, HIPAA, IHE, and LOINC desired.  MS Office, AHA! Product management (would be preferred).
 Required Skills:.  Must have a .  Must be a US Citizen.  Must possess an Active Top-Secret Clearance.  12 ??16 years of management experience; prior project management experience required.  Experience in detailed requirements gathering, interpretation, analysis, and validation.  Experience developing strategic plans to meet customer mission requirements.  Experience in project planning, scheduling, and preparing detailed products regarding program status and in the use of Microsoft Project.  Experience in software development, maintenance, and support, including quality assurance and life-cycle management.  Experience leading teams in the many components of project management, such as: financial management, program documentation, scheduling, deployment, customer service, quality control, and others.  Experience managing subcontractors; managing multiple, diverse, and non-traditional subcontractors is a plus.  Experience working with multiple stakeholders in the customer space and managing competing priorities.  Must demonstrate flexibility and the ability to change directions rapidly when required.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills and experience developing and delivering senior level briefs and presentations.  Desired Skills:.  Masters Degree highly preferred.  Department of Defense experience as either a senior uniformed service member, civil servant, or DoD contractor.
 Excellent business acumen is needed to collaborate with all functions in the organization to deliver new products, ongoing software releases and execute end of life plans as needed.  Strong analysis and strategic thinking skills that can translate market needs and competitive analysis into product vision, strategy and execution.  Knowledge of lean startup preferred.  Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills.  7-10 years of product management experience, with 4 years healthcare data analytics or similar fields ??healthcare and software combined ideal.  4-7 years experience directly managing others.  Bachelors degree in business, sciences or engineering.  2-4 years of hands on experience with BI tools, analytics and visualization technologies and solution, such as Tableau, Looker, Qlik, or Power BI.  Experience with predictive analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence.  2 years of experience with big data architectures, data lakes and analytics using cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure and/or Google Cloud.  Master of Business Administration (MBA) or job-related masters degree.  Pathology or Clinical Laboratory experience a plus.  Knowledge of health information management (HIM) principles, HL7, FHIR, CDA, DICOM, HIPAA, IHE, and LOINC desired.  MS Office, AHA! Product management (would be preferred).
 Establishes, develops, and maintains contact with executive -level officials of OSD, USCYBERCOM, DISA and other COCOMS, DoD components and Federal Agencies, other executive and legislative agencies, other HQ USAF and SAF organizations, and professional entities.  Establishes, develops, and maintains contact with executive -level officials of OSD, USCYBERCOM, DISA and other COCOMS, DoD components and Federal Agencies, other executive and legislative agencies, other HQ USAF and SAF organizations, and.  Eligibility will be based upon a clear showing the applicant has training, education and experience of the scope and quality sufficient to effectively carry-out the duties of the position.  Candidates must exemplify the corporate perspective, leadership vision, broad experience and character needed in the SES corps not only to satisfy the immediate vacancy, but future vacancies which will occur in a variety of organizations, functions and locations.  This perspective is typically gained through a variety of diverse work experiences.  TQs must provide specific examples that address relevant experience and accomplishments.  Applicants should focus on recent experience, education, and training, as some Recruitment Panel and Executive Resources Board members may consider experience that's over 10 years old to be outdated.  Demonstrated professional and executive level knowledge and experience in Enterprise IT Operations/Cyberspace/Cybersecurity strategy, policy, telecommunications, joint and integrated information operations and information assurance.  Demonstrated professional and executive level knowledge and experience in Enterprise IT and Cybersecurity strategy, policy,telecommunications, joint and integrated information operations and information assurance across a wide and diverse enterprise level.  Noted accomplishments and experiences shall include efforts in cloud computing, wired/wireless networking transformation, and mobile computing.  Experience building strategic workforce concepts, designs, and implementations to recruit,train, educate, and develop a technical cyber workforce.  Experience providing enterprise security and IT infrastructure integration for DEVSECOPS (Development, Security and Operations) of software, data analytics/platforms, and artificial intelligence.  This template will include the candidate's demonstrated executive and leadership experience obtained from interviews and other materials acquired during the merit staffing process.
 This position over time will draw on skills in Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V, and Linux administration.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience.  Hands-on experience administering Windows and Unix servers.  Hands-on experience with Citrix or VMWare is a plus.
 Individuals will also possess strong leadership and interpersonal skills and have experience managing and evolving professional services consulting practices.  Minimum 10 years of experience in the Services or a related area.  5+ years of experience managing large and distributed team.  Skills in Java and SQL.  Knowledge of XML, understanding of REST principles, and REST and SOAP APIs.  Experience leading and managing engagements and implementations.  Ability to build relationships with customers at C, VP and Director levels.  Ability to convert high-level vision into an execution plan for the teams to effectively deliver on it.  Must be a self-starter and extremely organized with your space and time.  Experience with Data Integration and understanding of the Data integration space is strongly preferred.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related area.
 Experienced in front-line defense work, the Cyber SOC manager is adept at making good decisions under pressure and can quickly adapt to any security challenge.  Essential Skills and .  Experience:.  5+ years experience of working in a high-performance SOC team in a cyber-security focused organization.  3+ years experience managing a SOC team.  Experience with an enterprise-grade SIEM platform (e.  Experience in high volume environments that handle millions/billions of records per day.  Experience in Security Event analysis & triage, incident handling and root-cause identification.  Excellent team-working skills, and a "can do, let's get it done" attitude is crucial.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Bonus Skills:.  Elasticsearch, Logstash and Kibana (ELK) experience.  Bro and Fluentd experience.  Ability to write and understand scripts in languages such as Python, Ruby, Bash, etc.  Ability to write and understand complex regular expressions (PCRE).  Experience with 'big-data' platforms such including Hadoop, HDFS, Apache Spark etc.  An undergraduate or higher degree in computing with a strong security component.  Experience:.  College Degree in Cyber Security or Information Technology or equivalent work experience.  Certifications like CISM, CHFI or GCFA, GNFA, GREM, GCTI, CISSP.
 An extensive acquisition, business, and technical background and personal experience in leading, directing, and managing large scale cloud migration initiatives within either the Federal government, a state, or local government, or a large corporation.  Expert knowledge and demonstrated leadership in large-scale transition and migration activities to cloud infrastructure, from concept to implementation and sustainment.  Demonstrated ability and experience in leveraging DevSecOps and agile software development and demonstrated experience utilizing this expertise within the Federal government, a state or local government or a large corporation.  Basic Requirements: (Must provide transcripts.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  You will be evaluated on the quality and extent of your total accomplishments, experience, and education.  Information about your paid and nonpaid work experience related to this position including: job title, duties and accomplishments, employer's name and address, duration of employment, and salary.  College Transcripts - Must provide a copy of transcripts or degrees in your application package.
 Demonstrated knowledge and experience in implementing AI, enterprise cloud computing, C3 and cybersecurity initiatives within the Federal government; a state or local government; or a large corporation.  Expert knowledge of Federal Cybersecurity and National Security System policies and procedures; information system security engineering (ISSE) expertise; and expert knowledge of enterprise cybersecurity security architectures, and supporting tools and technologies.  Expert knowledge of - and extensive experience with - government and/or commercial/industry IT policies and programs and the background issues related to the development and sustainment of these policies and programs.  Experience Statement:.  This perspective is typically gained through a variety of diverse work experiences.  Information about your paid and nonpaid work experience related to this position including: job title, duties and accomplishments, employer's name and address, duration of employment, and salary.
 People Development and Management: You have experience building and developing strong, interdisciplinary technical teams.  You can build on practical management experience to find creative and high-impact people and team management practices.  You know your leadership style and have experience mentoring, empowering, and building people.  Managing in a Creative, Dynamic Environment: You have experience managing multiple simultaneous projects and thrive in a creative and high-energy environment.  Experience: You have broad experience and knowledge of leading-edge technologies and have demonstrated contributions to advanced technology developments.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:.  Communication and Collaboration: You are an exceptional communicator and can interact collaboratively and diplomatically with customers and colleagues at all levels of experience and knowledge.
 Experience.  Strong business background, comfortable with ambiguity.  Coding experience - you should be able to use and test the products you're helping to build.  Prefer prior experience building products involving mapping, video game development (simulation), machine learning algorithms, or data infrastructure.  Having some experience in C++ or Python would be very helpful in this role.  Experience.
 We are looking for an operational fanatic with strong Cloud/SaaS Support experience who is a tireless advocate for exceeding customer expectations.  Develop and drive key performance indicators that deliver the best customer experience and productivity.  15+ years Customer Support or related Operational leadership experience.  7+ years experience leading 50+ person organizations in a high-growth SaaS/Cloud environment.  10+ years experience translating takeaways from the Support function into actions that help improve product functionality, positively impacting renewals and sales.  Experience working with Artificial Intelligence solutions preferred.  Retail and/or CPG industry experience a preferred.  Experience implementing and driving .  Strong executive presence, influencing skills, presentation skills and business insight.  Strong Enterprise customer experience with the ability to communicate effectively with customers at the executive level.  Ability to advocate on behalf of customers with a proactive approach, anticipate needs and leverage resources from across the company as needed.  Extensive experience hiring, managing, and developing employees.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, reactive, changing, and results oriented atmosphere.  Bachelor's degree in computer science or business or equivalent experience.  Familiarity with Finance models as applied to software industry.  Process reengineering experience a plus.
 BS/MS in engineering with 5+ years of experience in software and hardware platforms.  Ability to multitask and prioritize in a demanding environment.  Excellent communication and presentation abilities.  Product management and/or engineering experience in planning and control and/or perception autonomous vehicle software.  Experience with product requirements management tools (e.  Strong collaborative and interpersonal skills, specifically a proven track record to effectively guide and influence within a dynamic environment.
 We believe that each employee has a unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives that are essential to providing our customers with innovative solutions.  A mid-level technical manager with a minimum of a BS in a scientific, engineering or mathematical discipline, and some experience managing R&D projects.  Experience in R&D or advanced development project management within the DoD or IC, and/or functional experience directly supporting program objectives such as managing cost, schedule, and technical performance.  Some Other Relevant Skills You May Have:.  Experience writing technical proposals, developing statements of work, estimating project costs, and/or leading proposal efforts.  Experience spanning all project phases, from ideation to technology research and product development.  Experience marketing and capturing new projects.  Our people, culture, and attitude along with their unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives put us on a trajectory to change the world.
 Experience.  Strong business background, comfortable with ambiguity.  Coding experience - you should be able to use and test the products you're helping to build.  Prefer prior experience building products involving mapping, video game development (simulation), machine learning algorithms, or data infrastructure.  Having some experience in C++ or Python would be very helpful in this role.  Experience.
 Demonstrated experience in the semiconductor or computing industry, at the Cloud Provider, OEM, ODM, or Technology Provider level.  Experience in a senior product management, strategy or business development roles.  Knowledge of modern server platform architecture and datacenter infrastructure.  Ability to multi-task and prioritize multiple simultaneous projects.  BS, or higher, in Engineering strongly preferred, MBA preferred.
 Extensive knowledge, experience and management of supply chain software and inventory systems.  Seven to ten years of experience in government/government contractor logistics & supply chain field.  Bachelors' Degree in Logistics, Supply Chain Management or related field (specific experience may waive education requirement).  Joint logistics experience preferred (USAF, Navy, Army, Marines, as well as foreign military exposure).  Masters degree in Logistics, Supply Chain Management or related field.  15+ years of military/government experience with DLA/AFMC/Air Combat Command (ACC) or other assignments focused on logistics and supply chain management supporting aircraft, simulator, and/or other weapons systems.  Experience working with DLA Logistics Information Service (DLIS) Cataloging Directorate (DLIS-K), D043A / D143C system, Federal Cataloging Program (FCP), and Integrated Logistics Support and Services (ILS-S).  Experience submitting Provisioning Parts Data (PPD) via AFMCs Automated Provisioning System (D220).  Experience with Predictive Analysis and Diminishing Manufacturing Sources (DMS) analysis and planning.  Experience and/or interest in creating supply chain efficiencies utilizing innovative technologies such as Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML).  Must have or be able to obtain/maintain a Secret clearance.
7+ years of relevant engineering experience.  Experience in partnering with product and program management teams3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers.  Graduate degree (MS or PhD) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Sciences, Mathematics, or related technical fieldAt least 5 years of experience managing software development teams.  Experience with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, Perl or Python and open-source technologies (Apache, Hadoop).  Experience with professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Our mission is to push the envelope in Artificial Intelligence (AI), Natural Language Understanding (NLU), Machine Learning (ML), Dialog Management, Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), and Audio Signal Processing, in order to provide the best-possible experience for our customers.  A successful candidate will have an established background in managing the development of existing code, scaling systems with large data sets, automation, developing customer-facing experiences, and delivering results in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to rapidly prototype and evaluate applications and interaction methodologies.  Experience in building complex, real-time software systems involving AI, ML and NLU algorithms that have been successfully delivered to customers.  Knowledge of standard AI, ML and NLU fundamentals, concepts and techniques.  Strong experience working effectively with science, data processing, and software engineering teams.  Strong project management experience desired for working on cross-functional projectsEntrepreneurial spirit combined with strong architectural and problem solving skills.  Excellent written and verbal technical communication with an ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.
 The leader will ideally have a proven track record of driving transformational change in large corporate settings and applying emerging technologies to solve business problems and deliver commercial value at scale. , MBA, MSc, Analytics, etc.  10+ years of experience with some combination of strategy consulting experience (with specialization in innovation, AI, emerging tech), corporate-level innovation, insurance, InsurTech, and/or financial services preferred.  Strong sense of ownership/founder mentality to strategize and drive projects to completion; undeterred by challenges/obstacles and will remain motivated and apply creative thinking to overcome them.  Strong critical thinking skills with ability to elevate thinking and apply judgment during analysis about how components fit together and with bigger picture.  Strong leadership skills and ability to work independently and to guide and coach a dedicated team.
 Assure quality design through best design practices, followed up by testing: Products meet environmental, EMC, Safety, and other Design Validation requirements, including DFM (Design for Manufacturing).  Masters in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Optics or related technical field.  Ten plus years of high-end embedded product design focusing on cameras, radars and Lidars and development experience, with a variety of high speed I/O included on the same product.  Five plus years experience managing hardware development teams.  Experience in camera module design, lens characterization and calibration.  Strong experience with next generation CFAs and Image Sensor Processors.  Experience with design, manufacturing, or production experience with opto/electrical/mechanical devices.  Prior experience working with SERDES is a plus.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Engineering Physics, Systems Engineering, Computer Science, or Software Engineering, or similar fieldAt least 8 years of professional experience or advanced degreeUnderstand the breadth of autonomous systems across different domains (DoD, Services, Intelligence Community, DHS, Industry and Academia).  Experience in robotics-relevant fields, such as computer vision, deep learning, machine learning, planning, human machine teaming, and multi-robot systems.  Ability to articulate autonomy-specific challenges (in perception, reasoning, behaviors, collaborations), discuss critical issues, and identify gaps.  Familiarity with the state of the art in the field.  Knowledge of the challenges of developing autonomous and AI systems that are robust in real world scenarios.  Must be a US citizen able to obtain and maintain a US government clearance **.  Proficiency in use of Microsoft Office including Outlook, Excel, and Word.  Must have demonstrated proficiency and strength in verbal, written, PC, presentation, and communications skills.  Proven ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, systems.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills along with the ability to foster relationship development with sponsors.  Advanced degree in technical field of studyU.  Experience developing machine learning solutions with modern toolchains, e.  Experience with robotics software and frameworks, e.  Experience with object-oriented programming languages such as C++ and python.
 Expertise: Be an expert in the competitive landscape including competitive and market dynamics and product and technology trends.  4+ years of experience in business development, consulting, marketing, sales, partner management, finance, legal, or relevant product development/software engineering experience in a role that included external-facing engagement with customers/partners.  Bachelors in business or related field or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience.
 This position will be located in Huntsville, AL and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  Bachelor's degree and 9 years of relevant experience; or 7 Years with .  Masters; 4 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance with adjudication in the last 6 years.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
 You Have:5+ years of experience as a data scientist3+ years of experience with building statistical models and developing machine learning algorithms3+ years of experience with data visualization and programming languages, including Python, Scala, or Java3+ years of experience with deep learning architectures and frameworks, including TensorFlow or PyTorch1+ years of experience with software development best practices, including version control technologies, test driven development, and agile.  Experience with Big Data technologies, including HDFS, Accumulo, Hive, Kafka, and Spark.  Experience with extract, transform, and load (ETL) in parallel processing and distributed compute environments.  Experience with leading a team in the delivery of new machine learning capabilities and communicating results to and managing relationships with senior leadership or clientsSecret clearanceBA or BS degree.  Nice If You Have:3+ years of experience with designing novel machine learning methods and workflows, including full data pipelines from raw data through predictions3+ years of experience with designing and leading the development of new machine learning capabilities.  Experience with working in cloud computing environments, including AWS or Azure.  Experience with intelligence analyst operations or targeting, including IMINT, MASINT, SIGINT, GEOINT, OSINT, and PAI targeting.  Ability to exhibit flexibility, initiative, and innovation when dealing with ambiguous and fast-paced situationsTS/SCI clearanceMA, MS, or PhD degree.
 Education: MS or BS in Engineering, Computer Science, or related Technical Degree; MBA preferred.  Minimum years of work experience: 15+.  Strong understanding of the customer engagement/ customer experience enterprise segment.  Deep product management experience, including disciplined approach to new product introduction process.  Proven experience delivering AI and SaaS solutions.  Strong technical aptitude combined with business savvy.
 Experience.  Proven experience with serving CPGs Customers or proven experience within a CPG global organization.  Proven expertise and a team leader, experienced/ exposed to with all steps from synthesis till compounding.  Proven .  Ability to hire and build an organization from the ground up that can oversee product development pipeline from the perspective of biotechnology and synthetic chemistry.
Recruit, manage and mentor a team of analystsRequired Skills/.  Experience: -A degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field with 4-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets. Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Master's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Preferred).
3 personnel requirements1) bachelor degree or above, major in marketing or computer is preferred;2) relevant working experience is preferred;3) responsible for learning new technology of Self-Marketing, practical project development, application technology research and providing IT services for customers.
 At least 3 years of Database Administration/Development experience.  Bachelor's or Master's degree from an accredited college or university (An additional 4 years of specialized expertise may be considered as substitute for a Bachelor's degree).  Scripting language experience (Python, PowerShell, Ruby).  Continuous Development/Integration software (Jenkins, GIT CI, Docker, Mavin) experience.  GIT experience.  Experience evaluating services and products provided by COTS/GOTS vendors and provide recommendations.  Design enterprise architecture experience.  Experience optimizing table structures and queries for PostgreSQL.
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Our work enables Wells Fargo to empower and inform our team members, deliver exceptional experiences for our customers, and meet the elevated expectations of our regulators.  The Artificial Intelligence Model Development Center of Excellence (AI MD CoE) team is a data science team, responsible for developing and deploying machine learning and AI solutions for a number of domain areas such as fraud prevention, credit risk, experience personalization, customer listening, anomaly detection and operational cost improvement.  The COE is looking for an experienced analytics leader to support Internal Audit.  4+ years of experience in an advanced scientific or mathematical field.  4+ years of statistical modeling experience.  4+ years of Python experience.  4+ years of SQL experience.  4 + years of experience using quantitative machine learning techniques.  1+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience.  Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy.  A BS/BA degree or higher in a quantitative discipline.  Ability to work and influence successfully within a matrix environment and build effective business partnerships with all levels of team members.  Meeting facilitation experience in leading discussions that result in consensus and commitment.  Experience with Tensorflow, Theano or Keras.  Solid understanding of and 4+ years of experience applying machine learning techniques such as neural networks, random forest, GBM and SVM, Probabilistic Graphical Models, Deep Learning architectures, etc.  Experience with signal processing or optimization techniques.  Strong ability to retrieve, combine and transform data from numerous information systems.  Strong acumen in diagnosing and resolving data issues.  Experience working with big data infrastructure with tools such as Hive, Spark and h2o.  Ability to relate complex analysis and insights to effective business strategy.  Strong analytical and problem solving experience to aid decision making, in areas such as compliance, customer experience improvement, and analytics, operations optimization.  Experience with agile project management methodologies for data science.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
 Experience & Education Requirements:.  Successful candidates will have a background in marketing platform software sales with a significant services component, as well as experience leveraging strategic relationships with external partners.  Individuals must have a demonstrated sales track record developing and managing regional accounts and a proven track record of forecasting and closing.  Strong candidates must have 8+ years of high-value software sales experience and have a "consultative" value based approach to selling.  Experience with email service providers and working within a fast-paced growing company environment is a plus.  Excellent sales skills, lead development and qualification skills ??especially at the executive level.  Experience in the email marketing industry in the past 3+ years.  Strong knowledge of Ad-Tech: DMP, DSP, Data Onboarding, Device Matching, 3rd party ad-server, attribution vendors.  Excellent oral and written communications skills including strong presentation/demo skills both in person and via phone/web presentation.  Strong technology skills.  Must be able to do complete product demonstration and credibly discuss technical topics.  Marketing platform sales experience.  Knowledge of any of the following industry verticals - Retail, Financial Services, Travel, and High Tech, Telecommunications.  BA/BS or equivalent. 4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.
 As we scale this division and work with more technology and biotech companies, we seek an experienced social media manager. WHAT YOU'LL DO: Manage the Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn accounts for 6+ tech and biotech clientsClient communication, including leading monthly meetings, where we set strategy and convey progress on KPIsWork with Supervisor to create a strategy (both organic and paid) that best suits each clients goalsLive coverage of tech industry and recruiting events (Twitter, Instagram Stories)Conceptualize and drive forward blogsCreate monthly content calendars, source content, write copy, request creative, schedule contentCommunity management and engagement via social mediaCompile monthly and quarterly reportsAnd more!QUALIFIED APPLICANT MUST: Possess 2-3 years of experience working in digital marketingBe an excellent writer ??in both short-form (social captions/copy) and long-form (blogs) that convey complex topics.  Previous agency experience is requiredIdeally have experience leading communications and/or social media strategy within the tech or biotech industry.  Experience:Digital Marketing: 2 years (Required)Location:Cambridge, MA 02139 (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offWork from homeFlexible scheduleParental leaveSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:http://mettermedia.
 Experienced.  Experience with Andriod/IOS/IOT Devices.  Desired Skills and Abilities:.  Must have autonomous computer knowledge.  Must be computer savvy and knowledgeable in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, etc.  Must have excellent verbal and communication skills.  Strong attention to detail with the ability to multi-task.  Ability to meet urgent deadlines, organize and prioritize projects.  Must be resourceful, work as a team player as well as independently.  Must be able to lift up to 20lbs, sit for extended periods of time, stairs, reach, twist, bend, stretch, climb, walk and/or run.  Must be able to work in an office/testing lab setting.  Must be able to work in a fast paced environment.  Must be 18 years or older and eligible to work in the US.  Must be able to read, write and speak English.  Must pass a Background Check.
 Experience with Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analytics and Machine Learning Methodologies.  Experience with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment (trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.  Experience in operations analysis, data analytics, computer science or related field.  Experience with project management tools and techniques, such as JIRA, Confluence, Scrum and Kanban.  Experience leading a team of professionals including providing day to day supervision, managing team objectives and structure projects for on-time and on-budget delivery.  Excellent interpersonal communication, conflict management, coordination, and planning skills with cross-functional teams; experience communicating at different levels of the organization (including communicating complex modeling and statistical concepts).  Ability to balance technical depth with excellent communication skills.  Strong problem-solving skills ??effective at developing creative solutions and removing barriersEducation: .  Bachelors degree in Data Science,Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience doing quantitative analysisPreferred: .  Masters or PhD degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related technical degree.  Experience with SQL, ProgR, Python, or other programming languages*PerformanceMetrics: Data quality & integrityProcess compliance ratesInternal customer inputCompetencies: PeopleCollaboration and InfluencingCommunication SkillsDrive for Results*Business.  Ability to see beyond the numbersBusiness AcumenCreativityCustomer FocusPerspectiveStrategic Agility*Functional/Technicalo .  Experience in Python or similarlanguageso .  Experience with Microsoft PowerBIo Proficient with data discovery / statistical analysis toolso Proficient with MS and Oracle SQLGlobal Leadership competencies most pertinent to this role are:Global LeadershipEstablish Direction and Create CommitmentFoster Innovation and Risk TakingInspire and MotivateJob Type: Full-timeWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 The leader will ideally have a proven track record of driving transformational change in large corporate settings and applying emerging technologies to solve business problems and deliver commercial value at scale. , MBA, MSc, Analytics, etc.  10+ years of experience with some combination of strategy consulting experience (with specialization in innovation, AI, emerging tech), corporate-level innovation, insurance, InsurTech, and/or financial services preferred.  Strong sense of ownership/founder mentality to strategize and drive projects to completion; undeterred by challenges/obstacles and will remain motivated and apply creative thinking to overcome them.  Strong critical thinking skills with ability to elevate thinking and apply judgment during analysis about how components fit together and with bigger picture.  Strong leadership skills and ability to work independently and to guide and coach a dedicated team.
 Bachelors Degree or equivalent in Computer Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field, plus five (5) years of progressive post-baccalaureate experience in computer engineering or related occupation.  Experience must include three (3) years of experience, which may be concurrent, in all of the following: 1) software implementation of large-scale software solutions; 2) business needs requirements gathering and analysis; 3) providing technical guidance and/or mentoring on functional consulting activities including each of the following: configuration designing, solution deployment, business rule configuration, and data modeling for rules-based solutions; 4) working with clients in the pre-sales or post-sales processes, including the development of presentations, conducting demonstrations and conducting proof of concept exercises; 5) implementing Collections and/or Recoveries software and solutions including Indus Collections; 6) developing SQL scripts for data reporting and analysis; and 7) RedHat JBOSS Application Server for use with deployment of C&R software solutions.  All experience may have been gained concurrently.  Experience must have been acquired after completion of the .  Must reference job code #23184 for consideration.
 Technical Program Manager for the AI Engineering team should be experienced with delivering complex scalable distributed software products and services in the Cloud environment.  Must be experienced working with cross functional teams including Engineering, Product Management, UX, partner teams and stakeholders across line of businesses.  Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with technical and non-technical global, cross-functional teams.  Expert knowledge of Agile.  Hands on experience with any of the following tools: JIRA, Rally.  Masters, .  Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science, or other technical related field.  10-15 years of experience in program management in software engineering environment.  Knowledge of AI/ ML, Data Science or related certification would be a plus.
 Bachelors Degree in STEM or related discipline.  Five or more years combined experience in technology integration or supervising.  Experience in electric utility industry.  Experience with industrial control and communications systems.  Experience planning and leading complex, highly technical, multi-year projects.  Experience with power system simulation tools and methods.
 Experts and Technical Process Owners in the cybersecurity and infrastructure services technical domains.  Must be a US Citizen.  Must be determined suitable for federal employment.  Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.  Failure to fully and concisely describe how your experience meets the competencies described in the Executive Core Qualifications (ECQs) and Mandatory Technical Qualifications will eliminate you from consideration. They are designed to assess executive experience and potential - not technical expertise.  Demonstrated technical expertise and experience in the initiation, planning, conduct, and coordination of large-scale engineering, development, test, and evaluation programs.  Knowledge of engineering processes for development, test, evaluation, and delivery in matters regarding system-of-systems engineering, cybersecurity, architectures, test and evaluation, software development, and capability delivery.  Ability to incorporate modern agile development practices into programs and deliver warfighter capabilities at greater velocity.  Knowledge of cyber resilient systems and systems management and the application of these technologies within the Navy operating environment.  Ability to apply engineering rigor while supporting the delivery of warfighting capabilities within the constraints of the Department of Defense (DoD) Acquisition System.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  To be acceptable, the program must: (1) lead to a bachelor's degree in a school of engineering with at least one program accredited by ABET; or (2) include differential and integral calculus and courses (more advanced than first-year physics and chemistry) in five of the following seven areas of engineering science or physics: (a) statics, dynamics; (b) strength of materials (stress-strain relationships); (c) fluid mechanics, hydraulics; (d) thermodynamics; (e) electrical fields and circuits; (f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); and (g) any other comparable area of fundamental engineering science or physics, such as optics, heat transfer, soil mechanics, or electronics.  -or- Combination of education and experience - college-level education, training, and/or technical experience that furnished (1) a thorough knowledge of the physical and mathematical sciences underlying engineering, and (2) a good understanding, both theoretical and practical, of the engineering sciences and techniques and their applications to one of the branches of engineering.  Evidence of having successfully passed the Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) examination or any other written test required for professional registration by an engineering licensure board in the various States, the District of Columbia, Guam, and Puerto Rico; or (III) Specified academic courses - Successful completion of at least 60 semester hours of courses in the physical, mathematical, and engineering sciences and that included the courses specified in the basic requirements under paragraph A.  The courses must be fully acceptable toward meeting the requirements of an engineering program as described in paragraph A; or (IV) Related curriculum - Successful completion of a curriculum leading to a bachelor's degree in an appropriate scientific field, e. , engineering technology, physics, chemistry, architecture, computer science, mathematics, hydrology, or geology, may be accepted in lieu of a bachelor's degree in engineering, provided the applicant has had at least 1 year of professional engineering experience acquired under professional engineering supervision and guidance.  Ordinarily there should be either an established plan of intensive training to develop professional engineering competence, or several years of prior professional engineering-type experience, e.  Successful completion of a bachelor's degree in computer science or bachelor's degree with 30 semester hours in a combination of mathematics, statistics, and computer science.  SES members possess a diverse portfolio of experiences including strong skills to lead across organizations.  A relocation incentive is generally a single payment intended to offset some of the relocation costs experienced by the selectee.  Qualification and experience determinations will be based only on the information supplied by the applicant.  Applicants that meet the basic qualifications requirements will be evaluated based on the quality and extent of their experience, training, and/or education indicated in the separate narrative statement.  Your resume must show relevant experience, job title, duties and accomplishments.  GS-0201-09) for relevant federal experience.  Is there a basic education requirement for this position? Are you using education as a substitute for some or all of the experience requirement? Check the Education section above to see what is allowed and what is required.
 Experience in a Linux environment preferred.
 Computer Sciences or 5+ years of Software Application development experience.  5+ years of experience working across functions (Engineering, Product Management, Legal) in order to deliver a product or features.  5+ years of organizational coordination experience in a technical company.  5 or more years of problem-solving experience with large scale technical systems.  5 or more years of experience understanding product requirements and translating those product needs into plans.  Technical Industrial experience in large scale Machine learning/Artificial intelligence or scaling out data engineering and infrastructure.
 Must have Secret clearance or higher.  Possess bachelors degree in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
 Must have Secret clearance or higher.  Bachelors Degree in in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, or Electrical Engineering.
 Manage formal processes integrating the company with the OEM during vehicle development, including development processes, safety processes, Development Interface Agreement negotiation, Verification & Validation execution, etc.  5+ years experience related to product management required.  Experience as a product manager in the full development lifecycle of bringing a Tier 1 solution or an OEM vehicle to market.  Strong communication skills, ability to deal effectively with diverse sets of stakeholders.  Bachelor's degree in a relevant field required, MBA preferred.  Experience in Autonomous Technology - fully autonomous vehicles or ADAS preferred.
 Manage formal processes integrating the company with the OEM during vehicle development, including development processes, safety processes, Development Interface Agreement negotiation, Verification & Validation execution, etc.  5+ years experience related to product management required.  Experience as a product manager in the full development lifecycle of bringing a Tier 1 solution or an OEM vehicle to market.  Strong communication skills, ability to deal effectively with diverse sets of stakeholders.  Bachelor's degree in a relevant field required, MBA preferred.  Experience in Autonomous Technology - fully autonomous vehicles or ADAS preferred.
 3-10 years working alongside or within a startup3-10 years of technology related sales or business development experienceBA/BS degree required.  MBA/MA/MS degreePrevious cloud expertise at a technology companyA technical background in engineering or computer scienceHistory of working for, or selling to tech startups.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
WalkMe pioneered the Digital Adoption Platform (DAP) to transform the user experience in todays overwhelming digital world.  You have experience with global teams and working across locations and cultures.
 Experience in disciplinary and technical leadership/mentoring of Research Group staff; driving Performance Management Process e.  target setting, evaluation and proficiency development for Project Managers and project staff.  PhD or similar experience in relevant engineering and computer science field required.  8+ years of experience as researcher and engineer in the areas of Digital Manufacturing/Advanced Manufacturing with a consistent track record in academia, industry or military/government required.  3+ years of supervisory experience or program/project management engagement leading teams in an R&D environment required.  3+ years of experience and knowledge of CAM including Additive Manufacturing as well as related tools.  Excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal & written) skills in English required.  Proficiency in German is a plus.  Our experience has shown that key technology components coming from areas like AI, analytics, IOT, Cyber-Security, additive manufacturing and materials science are extremely relevant for such innovations.  Experience Level: .  Experienced Professional.
 Joining our team means contributing to commercialization of some of the most exciting technologies the world has ever seen including superconducting and 3D ICs, carbon nanotube and photonic logic devices, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and other emerging device topologies.  Experience and/or Training:.  3+ years experience in technical sales or business development role.  Strong technical understanding of electronics with the ability to learn semiconductor device fabrication and create technical solutions.  Outstanding written and verbal communication abilities including presentation experience.  Ability to collaborate effectively with internal teams, reps, customers and market partners as needed.  Ability to work independently and collaboratively.  Highly proficient computer skills and internet with developed skills in Microsoft Office (i.  Licenses or Certifications:.  Bachelors degree in engineering (electrical preferred).
 Joining our team means contributing to commercialization of some of the most exciting technologies the world has ever seen including superconducting and 3D ICs, carbon nanotube and photonic logic devices, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and other emerging device topologies.  This position requires excellent communication, organization and planning skills in order to scope and complete projects in a timely manner .  Experience and/or Training:.  5+ years experience in technical program/project management, account management, or sales role.  Strong technical understanding of electronics with the ability to learn semiconductor device fabrication and create technical solutions.  Outstanding written and verbal communication abilities including presentation experience.  Ability to collaborate effectively with internal teams, reps, customers and market partners as needed.  Ability to work independently and collaboratively.  Highly proficient computer skills and internet with developed skills in Microsoft Office (i.  Licenses or Certifications:.  Bachelors degree in engineering (electrical preferred).
 Domain expertise in Customer Support & Customer Enablement is key, along with deep familiarity with the systems, tools & processes that must be considered when building for global scale.  This person will have proven experience in high growth software as a service companies and demonstrable experience in having built it before.  Drive excellence within all support functions ensuring a consistent and effortless experience for our customers.  Develop a proficiency in the product capabilities, and sales process best practices.  5-7+ years of program management experience with demonstrable experience implementing support systems and programs.  Proven record of ensuring customer satisfaction throughout entire lifecycle with specific focus on increasing satisfaction of support experience and customers ability to self-serve.  Experience in building programs across support and customer success motions, from self-service / scale efforts to enterprise offerings.  Experience in building programs that improve data insights to make product decision.  Ability to lead through influence and built trust across Success and other stakeholders such as Product and Engineering.  Project management expertise with a proven ability to deliver on time and on budget.  Ability to understand deep technical aspects of a product and educate others using simplified explanations.  Ability to maintain a positive attitude and calm demeanor, especially in escalated circumstances.  Proven self-starter and able to come up to speed on complex, difficult concepts with minimal assistance.  Experience with enterprise SaaS applications, custom development, and consulting.  Ability to break down ambiguous problems into concrete, manageable components and think through optimal solutions Enjoys getting their hands dirty by digging into complex operations.  Strong listening skills; open to input from other team members and departments.  Ability to lead through influence.  Experience with the technologies we use, including Zendesk, Tableau, Jira/Confluence, and Salesforce.  Familiar with general project processes and tools; Confluence, Airtable/Smartsheet, GSuite and/or MSFT Office.
 The Systems Engineering, Integration, and Test (SEIT) team at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is looking for you to join our team as a Manager, Systems Engineering 2 - Algorithmic Warfare and Intelligence based out of Woodland Hills, CA.  Bachelor's degree in Engineering or other related STEM discipline and a minimum of 9 years of progressive engineering experience, or a Master's degree in Engineering or other related discipline and a minimum of 7 years of progressive engineering experience.  Must be experienced in all aspects of the development of data exploitation systems, from scientific analysis of large data sets, algorithm development, and working with software teams to transition algorithms to the field.  Strong written and oral communications skills. A proven track record of leading a team of engineers and of establishing strong relationships with other functional organizations and Program Offices.  Master's or Ph.  degree in a relevant engineering or science discipline.  Experience in any of the following areas is highly desired: data analysis, artificial intelligence/machine learning, signal processing techniques, statistical decision theory, modeling and simulation, algorithm development, particularly as applied to complex sensor systems and data.  Familiarity with signal processing algorithm design and implementation in C and/or C++, and real-time parallel processing.  Experienced in metrics based cost estimating and the use of prior actual costs to support Basis of Estimates (BOEs) for engineering estimates.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Proven experience with Microsoft Windows operating systems, VMware and Cisco switches, routers and firewalls.  Experience with Linux administration.  Strong problem-solving skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 The group consists of highly skilled, experienced, and engaged design automation engineers, along various contractors or professional services personnel.  Bachelors degree in Engineering (Electrical, Mechanical, Bio-Medical,Physics) and at least 5 years of relevant experience or an MS Degree and at least 3 years experience.  Nice to HaveMS degree in Engineering5+ years managerial experience.
 Experience, CMO, and Finance to develop and implement the 3-year strategic roadmap to execute Real Time marketing transformation end-to-end.  Lead the development and execution of the strategic/tactical roadmap and timeline to deliver personalized Real Time marketing experiences.  Ability to understand the needs of non-technical internal partners, devise a strategy and deliver solutions that meet their needs in a cost-effective manner.  Bachelors Degree in Business, Marketing, Technology or related field, or equivalent experience.  10+ years experience in business strategy.  10+ years of experience on Digital Marketing, CRM, Media, and Customer Data Platforms.  Project management experience.  Experience leading a team of managers including setting performance goals and developmental plans to elevate team value/performance results.  Experience with industry benchmarking and trend analysis.  Experience managing communications & status reporting across multiple organizational levels including Sr.
 Corporate Functions Technology provides exceptional client experiences, furthers Liberty Mutuals digital evolution of core systems, and provides support across Finance, Legal, Talent & Enterprise Services, and Core IT Engines.  Determines and manages staffing strategy and plan (# of FTEs, skills needed, depth of experience, internal and external staffing mix) consistent with the needs of the department.  Bachelor's or Master's Degree in technical or business discipline or related experience; Master's Degree preferred.  Generally more than 10 years related experience with 5 years in leadership role.  Ability to promote a team environment consisting of several teams.  Experience working with C-level leaders.  Experience with software solutions for the Data Strategy, Compliance, and/or Legal Domains.
 Stay current and knowledgeable of the latest industry technology that impacts CH, including but not limited to Data Science, Artificial Intelligence and Digital Transformation to support the internal development and process improvements relating to the CH QMS.  Expert (SME) for GxP computerized systems, this person shall independently determine and pursue courses of action to obtain desired functional and business objectives in the following areas:.  Bachelors of Science in Computer Science, IT, Chemical Engineering, Automation, Engineering Pharmacy, Biology, or related technical field, or equivalent professional experience.  At least 5 years experience in the pharmaceutical industry with 3 years+ experience in Medical Devices, Quality Assurance, Quality Management, or IT Governance.  Familiarity with the validation and maintenance of Digital Applications, Enterprise Systems, Process and Distributed Control Systems, Laboratory and Clinical Systems and/or software.  Knowledge of:.  Strong communication and negotiation skills (oral and written) and ability to negotiate and influence ?쁞est practice through positive communication with all business areas.  Demonstrated proficiency and thorough knowledge of computer system validation (CSV) as defined by health authorities (FDA, EMEA, ICH), industry groups and the GSK QMS.  Experience in international and multidisciplinary environments.  Strong ability to motivate people and to negotiate win-win solutions in a matrix-oriented organization.  Ability to make decisions, evaluate risks and define and execute action plans.  Ability to propose innovative solutions to solve problems.
 It uses financial resources and extensive experience to help our client countries reduce poverty, increase economic growth, and improve quality of life. Advanced degree in IT or related discipline and with at least 15 years of relevant experience, 10 of which of supervisory capacity. At least 10 years of experience in the design, delivery and marketing of information, data and technology services to clients. Demonstratable experience in the latest approaches to information technology solutions, thought leadership on strategic alignment with industry trends, and data/content disclosure control are required. Possession of a combination of deep technical understanding, relationship management, financial management experience, proven leadership, and pragmatism to take stock of the status of the portfolio and make improvements in a decisive and objective manner.  Ability to objectively negotiate and facilitate trade-offs, build consensus and commitment to a ?쁞est value direction among multiple stakeholders, often with broadly divergent frames of reference and competing interests, within a multinational institution.  Proven track record with leading matrixed teams and working collaboratively across organizational boundaries and partners to achieve program objectives.  Familiarity with World Bank Group IT environment, compliance requirements, policies, standards, and procedures.  Must be a clear and logical thinker with an open and innovative mind, and the ability to think outside the box.  The nature of this function demands that it be led by an experienced manager with deep technical understanding and keen business analytic ability to ensure that opportunities are seized to optimize efficiency, effectiveness (elimination of redundant tasks), and outstanding communication/leadership skills.  Ability to articulate complex technology concepts clearly and simply based on the audience and focusing on the inherent business value and benefits.  Experience in managing client relationships with multiple business sponsors, IT stakeholders and vendors.  Experience at a managerial level in designing, developing, implementing and overseeing very large and complex centralized and globally distributed institutional systems.  Experience in both waterfall and agile software development methodologies. Up-to-date, best practice experience with SDLC, including agile and lean operating models, management of on-site/offshore development teams and leading effective outsourced IT teams.  Experience in emerging technology industry trends, including design thinking, agile, cloud solutions, edge computing, microservices and containers-based architecture, performance engineering, process automation, big data, DevSecOps, networking. Significant experience in IT Portfolio Program Management - The candidate must possess a clear mastery of IT program management and delivery, excellent client relationship management skills, and proven team leadership skills.  Program and portfolio management ??experience in strategy, planning, monitoring progress, managing resources and reporting progress. Team Management ??Supervisory experience in leading software development teams, coaching and mentoring staff. Diverse Teams ??experience in building diverse teams from various backgrounds, cultures and geographies.
 Technical Leads must have extensive expertise in the Agile development methodology and experience using many of the tools included in the Development/Test Tool Suite.  Professional application development experience in a Government environment.  Ability to understand quickly and work with unfamiliar complex code.  Experience: 5+ Years.  Minimum Education: BS/BA.
 Technical Leads must have extensive expertise in the Agile development methodology and experience using many of the tools included in the Development/Test Tool Suite.  Professional application development experience in a Government environment.  Ability to quickly understand and work with unfamiliar complex code.  Experience: 10+ Years.  Minimum Education: BS/BA.
 Technical Leads must have extensive expertise in the Agile development methodology and experience using many of the tools included in the Development/Test Tool Suite.  Professional application development experience in a Government environment.  Ability to quickly understand and work with unfamiliar complex code.  Experience: 15+ Year.  Minimum Education: BS/BA.
 Experience in database administration, information technology, database architecture, or a related field.  Experience with Linux and Windows Server environments.  Extensive experience with database technologies (MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL Oracle, MongoDB).  Experience with cloud services (AWS, Microsoft Azure) a plus.  Strong command of SQL and SQL server tools.  Familiarity with SSAS, SSIS, SSRS.  Strong mathematical and statistical knowledge.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  BS/BA.
 Experience in database administration, information technology, database architecture, or a related field.  Experience with Linux and Windows Server environments.  Extensive experience with database technologies (MySQL, MS SQL, PostgreSQL Oracle, MongoDB).  Experience with cloud services (AWS, Microsoft Azure) a plus.  Strong command of SQL and SQL server tools.  Familiarity with SSAS, SSIS, SSRS.  Strong mathematical and statistical knowledge.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Experience.  BA/BS.  Experience in database administration, information technology, database architecture, or a related field.
 Must have Secret clearance or higher.
 6+ years product management experience, ideally with experience in managing a global data product.  3+ years of people management experience, either a leader of teams or a direct manager.  Demonstrated experience with full life-cycle product management: problem definition and solution discovery, stakeholder buy-in, validation, launch, and ongoing operations.  Experience working with Power Platform, Tableau, SQL, SAS, MicroStrategy, Looker or other reporting and data visualization tools.  Experience tracking down and creating datasets, knowledge of preparation, organization and statistical analysis.  Excellent communication (written and oral) and presentation skills; solid business acumen; well-honed influencing skills are essential.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering or other related technical field.  Master's degree or PhD in a technical field preferred.  12+ years of experience as a Software Developer/Architect.  10+ years of experience with software built using technologies such as HTML, Java, Python, C#, C,JavaScript, Android, and iOS.  Experience with development on mobile platforms.  3+ years of experience with commercialization of Wireless Connectivity (Wifi, Bluetooth, BLE) on iOS and Andriod.  Experience with Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Algorithms on embedded devices.  Knowledge of Android UI frameworks and touch-based UI.  Understanding and significant work experience with various SDLC methodologies including Agile /Scrum.  Experience with requirements analysis and technical design and documenting.  Significant experience with security architecture and engineering.  Previous experience managing external (contract) software development resources.  Excellent communication and relationship skills, especially the ability to articulate advanced technical topics to non-technical individuals.  Ability to leverage and/or engage others to accomplish projects.  Ability to contribute to multiple projects/demands simultaneously.  Ability to work both within a team, and independently, in a fast-paced, changing environment.  Preferred experience - Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) development, Digital health software development.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Computer Engineering, Astronautical Engineering, or related program from a recognized institution.  Typically, eight or more years of increasingly responsible professional engineering/scientific experience.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with all levels of customers and corporate staff.  Proven ability to organize and lead technical tasks.  Demonstrated initiative and strong leadership skills, with proven ability to build and manage effective teams.  Strong background in software development, algorithms, Data Science, Machine Learning, and Natural Language Processing.  Strong background with tools and techniques for ingesting, distilling, organizing, extracting, and interpreting meaning from large and complex data sets.  We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  Proven Technical .  Expertise with one or more of the following:.  Experience in one or more of the following areas is desired:.  3+ years of Incident Management System experience.  5+ years of development experience with languages such as Python, Java, Scala, or R.  12+ years of application development and implementation experience.  5+ years of management experience in technology.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  2+ years of Configuration Management Tools experience.  Experience with Agile Scrum (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospective meetings) and Kanban.  3+ years of experience with Cloud technologies.  Ability to interact with all levels of an organization.  Management experience including large/multiple application development efforts within a small-to-medium size line of business.  Experience with system administration across multiple platforms.  Experience with Observability/Monitoring technologies: DataDog, Elastic Stack/ELK, Grafana, Prometheus, Kafka, Cloudwatch.  Experience with Container technologies: Kubernetes, Docker, PKS.  Experience with one or more Technology Platforms (Cloud, o/s, etc.  Experience with one or more CI/CD and Automation tools: Jenkins, Gitlab, SonarQube, Artifactory, Ansible, Puppet, Apigee.  Experience with one or more Testing tools/concepts: Gremlin, Chaos Monkey, Selenium, jmeter, Blazemeter, Performance Center, Quality Center/ALM, DevTest.  Ability to travel up to 15% of the time.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
 Hands-on development and delivery experience with a broad mix of languages and technologies.  Experience with architectural design whilst leading and inspiring software development teams.  Strong people skills that contribute to an open and collaborative environment.  Experience working with Agile, Lean and Continuous Delivery approaches, such as Continuous Integration, TDD, Infrastructure as Code etc.  Experience in communicating technical vision to a variety of team members.  Experience building cloud native software architectures.  Prior experience working with companies with AI/NLP.
 Experience leading large projects, preferably software projects.  Proven success of managing client-facing projects from beginning to end.  Strong technical understanding and capability is preferred.  Strong analytical skills and detail-oriented focus.  Excellent oral/written communication and strong meeting facilitation. Ideal candidate will have three (3) or more years experience successfully delivering software projects that are both on-time and on-budget. Ideal candidate will possess Project Management Professional (PMP) and/or Certified ScrumMaster certification (CSM).  Experience:Leading Agile Project Management Teams: 1 year (Required)Delivering software projects on time and on budget: 3 years (Preferred)devops: 2 years (Preferred)Project Management: 2 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)Location:Coraopolis, PA 15108 (Required)License:PMP (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offWork from homeFlexible scheduleParental leaveProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shiftCompany's website:www.
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or a closely related field and at least three (3) years of experience in big data / database architecture (any title) with data pipelines including at least two (2) years of experience using Java/J2EE, Python, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Docker, Microservices, Hadoop, Spark, Google Cloud Platform, Hive, Spark Streaming, Linux, and HBase.
 Morgan Wholesale Payments and the Commercial Bank have launched a global, cross-Line of Business transformation program to drive a best-in-class implementations and service experience, support growth, and improve efficiency for clients and employees.  We are committing significant talent and resources to: empower our simpler clients with a fully digitized experience from conversion through ongoing set up, maintenance, and service; deliver innovative capabilities to complex clients to allow them to self-service on their terms and streamline interactions with the bank; and empower employees to focus on more value-add activities by reducing the time it takes to service our clients and fulfill requests.  The Navigator Product Manager will work on a team that is responsible for delivering an excellent experience for Client Service and Implementations employees in the Wholesale Payments Business and the Commercial Bank.  The team plays a key role in defining the strategic workflow that optimizes the internal client experience, which in turn optimizes internal and external interactions.  They ensure the platform is designed to be intuitive and provides a seamless experience with a look and feel tailored to the employees needs.  This role will focus on the internal desktop and experience for the service organization.  Develop user journeys and other artifacts that help communicate, and rally support for, intuitive user experience that best meets the needs of the platforms users.  Minimum of 4-5 years of experience, including experience in product management or user experience at a financial services, technology, or fintech firm.  Excellent relationship-building skills, with ability to establish trust and credibility across lines of business and functions.  Strong time-management and organizational skills with ability to objectively prioritize.  Excellent written, visual, and verbal communication skills, including ability to communicate technical topics to a non-technical audience and business needs to a technical audience.  Passion for driving toward an excellent client experience; UI/UX/design experience a significant plus.  Knowledge of treasury services, wholesale payments, corporate/commercial banking and client service/implementations functions and platforms a significant plus.  Bachelors degree required; graduate degree in a business or technical field preferred.
Are you seeking the opportunity to lead experiences that deliver deep Artificial Intelligence to hundreds of millions of users? In Microsoft Search, Assistant, and Intelligence (MSAI) team, we are building a team of diverse, talented engineers to build transformative and cross-cutting experiences for users of Microsoft 365 who depend on Windows, Edge, Outlook, and Teams to fulfill their passion at work and in life.  We are looking for those who bring fresh ideas from different backgrounds while possessing the experience and drive to define, design and deliver high quality, performant, delightful experiences to our users.  Bring your experience to a vibrant team through design review, code review and mentoring while helping the team build an inclusive interdisciplinary culture where everyone can do their best work.  Define, design, and deliver experiences from incubation stage to maturity with customer trust and user delight as core design principle.  Work with our product and design teams to implement an intuitive and engaging user experience.  Bachelors degree in CS, EE or equivalent.  7-9+ years of experience in designing, developing, and shipping software.  3+ years min of experience in developing end user facing experiences.  Knowledge of object-oriented software development, algorithms, and data structures.  Strong UI and design skills.  Strong programming and algorithm design skills.  Strong verbal and written communication skills with excellent interpersonal communication and collaboration skills.  Expert level Windows application and/or Chrome extension developer.  Strong client/service experience delivering cloud-driven user experience ??e.
 Proven track record of growing and guiding a development organization through learning, solving complex problems, and mentorship.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results via cross-functional partnerships and leadership skills.  Experience with large scale data processing using MapReduce/Hadoop/Spark and creating dashboards using Tableau.  5+ years of industry experience building and directing a team of high-performing software and data engineers.  This position requires a leader who possesses strong technical skills in machine learning and big data, and a team player who can cross organizational boundaries and thrives in finding insights in ambiguity.  Experience.  Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related field.
 Lastly, this role will require knowledge and skills in agile software development as well as project management within a continuous software delivery model.  Knowledge / Skills / Education / .  Experience BS/BA in Computer Science or Engineering or a related discipline.  Experience in software development, V model, and quality processes.  Experience in agile software development, in particular sprint management.  Experience in Microsoft Office 360 products.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.  Excellent organizational skills.  Excellent team player and strong execution as individual contributor.  Strong problem-solving skills and systematic thinking.  Knowledge/Skills, Education, and .  Experience.  Up to 3 years of experience in software development or project management.  Experience Level: .  Experienced Professional.
 Skills Required:.  Strong knowledge of Computer Vision, Machine Learning with a focus in Deep Learning, and general Artificial Intelligence algorithms is required).  Expertise In Programming Languages (Python/C++/Java).  Experience building "full" solutions.  Ability To Grasp New Concepts Quickly.
 As required, directly manages complex contracts requiring significant management skills and experience.  Strong customer service orientation.  Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.  Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language.  Experience:.  Experience: 10 to 15 years of relevant experience.  Bachelors Degree required or equivalent related experience.  Strong communication skills.
 We have more than 15 years of experience applying AI on dealing with malware, malicious URLs, spam emails, botnets and many more.  The Principal Artificial Intelligence Research Scientist must at least have 3 years end to end AI landing experience and practice from initial idea proposition, proof of concept research, implementation, product integration and operation, industrial impact evaluation and paper/patent submission; plus the minimum requirements for the position of Artificial Intelligence Research Scientist, outlined below:.  Masters Degree with publications in high-ranked conferences and journals to demonstrate research capability.  Thorough understanding of latest deep learning / machine learning algorithms, and experience of application implementation with latest deep learning technologies.  Experience in using DL (Deep Learning) frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch.  Excellent communication and presentation skills - both written and verbal, and explain complex research problems to non-technical audience.  Experience with graph-neural network family, recurrent network family, reinforcement learning is a plus.  Knowledge of AWS or Cloud platform is a plus.
 Expert for Penetration Testing and will provide leadership for the Penetration Testing service within the Global Security team.  Minimum years of work experience: 12+ years experience.  Deep understanding and experience of Penetration Testing principles, methodologies and tooling.  Ability to communicate effectively across functional areas.  IT Programming experience.  Team leadership experience.  Knowledge of regulatory standards ??e.
 The Intelligent Retail Lab is part of Walmart's Store No 8, an innovation hub formed by the world's largest retailer focused on identifying and investing in trends and technologies reshaping the shopping experience.  As a people-led, tech-empowered business, we believe that technology has immense potential to enhance the associate and customer experience in our stores.  ft store with 30K items and more than 100 associates, will allow us to test a broad range of applications such as improving inventory and on-shelf availability, enhancing both the associate and customer experience in our stores.  Bachelor's degree or higher.  10+ years experience in Account Management and/or Customer Success with enterprise SaaS, software, information technology or analytics.  5+ years experience leading Account Management teams with multimillion-dollar engagements within Retail and CPG.  5+ years people management and leadership experience.  Experience representing and supporting innovative technologies that are in the infancy of market adoption.  Excellent verbal, written and presentation communication skills.  Ability to travel up to 50% both domestic and international.  Technology savvy with high level proficiency in PowerPoint, Excel, and Salesforce.  Most importantly, we empower our industry-leading tech team to solve far future problems and focus on building magical shopping experience for the consumers.
 With this mission, we are looking for an experienced product manager who has a track record of defining and executing complex software deliverables across multiple teams and job roles.  5+ years relevant Software Product Management experience ideally shipping complex, multi product/system solutions with IoT devices and SaaS components.  Experience solving complex user interaction problems with creative solutions.  You have deep experience working with engineers to balance scope, time to market, and functionality, constantly making trade-offs using qualitative, quantitative, and absent data.  Excellent problem solving skills, well-structured written and verbal communication.  You have a proven track record of delivering successful products that achieve key business outcomes.  You have real-world experience with each of the expectations listed in section entitled Your Day to Day.
 The ideal candidate has a broad range of experience across multiple service and client technologies, and proven ability to succeed across organizational boundaries.  This role influences, owns, and builds processes and tools that have many touch points across Office, Windows, Microsoft 365, Xbox, C+AI and other partners, in order to deploy AI to personalize customer experiences and deliver the most relevant, engaging content.  Build scalable AI systems that personalize customer experiences across Microsoft.  4+ years program management or other relevant experience.  Strong analytic skills and great attention to detail.  Experience driving technical features and creative processes (online services a plus).  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor's degree in engineering.
 At the University of California, Berkeley, we are committed to creating a community that fosters equity of experience and opportunity, and ensures that students, faculty, and staff of all backgrounds feel safe, welcome and included.  The University of California, Berkeley, is one of the world's leading institutions of higher education, distinguished by its combination of internationally recognized academic and research excellence; the transformative opportunity it provides to a large and diverse student body; its public mission and commitment to equity and social justice; and its roots in the California experience, animated by such values as innovation, questioning the status quo, and respect for the environment and nature.  Interpersonal skills including verbal and written communication, active listening, critical thinking, and collaboration.  Knowledge of a variety of administrative operational activities such as financial scenario planning, budgeting and accounting concepts.  Knowledge of contracts and grants regulations and guidelines.  Strong skills in short-term planning, long-term planning, analysis, problem-solving, and customer service.  Excellent ability in technical writing.  Excellent project management skills and organization.  Bachelor's degree in related area and / or equivalent experience / training.  The annual salary range designated for the position is $67,500 - $75,000; however, salary is commensurate with experience. edu/psp/ucb/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.
The ideal candidate will have experience managing end-to-end data processing solutions on mobile and web platforms, a strong product management background in technology, and experience with data rich platforms.  Additionally, qualified candidates who have experience building products at scale at previous startups and/or reinvent existing platforms are highly sought after for this position.  The successful candidate must be an experienced, creative problem solver with proven ability to be both hands on and strategic across our dynamic, complex organization and deliver tangible, impactful results.  Work closely with the research and engineering teams to ensure the internal user experience is simple, seamless and delightful and to ensure data ingestion and consumption are of the highest integrity.  Experience: 5-7 years of experience in an agile product development role.  Showcase how you go about developing a unique customer experience through digital product.  Ability to multitask and prioritize in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.  IOS Apple experience preferred.  More advance design tool experience a plus.  Knowledge of technological infrastructure and architecture that can support Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technology.  Knowledge of GIS, Mapping or Satellite data.  Knowledge of image and digital documentation processing and storage.  Experience working with a Data Scientist.  Knowledge of Real Estate principals.  Hanley Wood | Meyers Researchcombines experienced real estate and technology advisors with leading data to provide our clients with a clear perspective and a strategic path forward.  Our talented crew comes from all walks of life, cultures and experiences.
 Joining our team means contributing to commercialization of some of the most exciting technologies the world has ever seen including superconducting and 3D ICs, carbon nanotube and photonic logic devices, Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) and other emerging device topologies.  Position Summary: We are seeking an experienced, organized and creative B2B marketer to join our growing organization.  Experience and/or Training:.  5+ years experience in a corporate marketing role.  Experience leading others on a marketing team.  Demonstrated experience coordinating projects across functional groups and organizational departments.  Excellent time management, able to balance many projects at once.  Expert level Microsoft Office365 user ??must be fully proficient in all aspects of PowerPoint software.  Proficient in use of Hubspot or Salesforce Marketing Cloud or related CMS platforms.  Experience performing or managing website design and content development.  Experience and/or Training:.  Knowledge of current and relevant technology markets.  Experience supporting a manufacturing or technology business preferred.
 Experienced (relevant combo of work and education).  Bachelor's Degree.  The overall team has a combined 1,500 years of experience supporting approximately 300 of the solutions that FIS has to offer.  It is here that you will find teammates that act boldly, with confidence and passion, to articulate the FIS Modernization Journey, deliver a unified value proposition and demonstrate a personalized user experience by putting clients and employees first.  You will be showcasing solutions that provide workforce automation, operational efficiencies, and optimized customer experience using artificial intelligence and robotic process automation.  Minimum of 10 years of experience in financial services industry, along with background in artificial intelligence, automation and digital technologies.  Ability to effectively communicate, present and demonstrate solutions to all levels ??both within FIS and to external prospects and clients.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with prospective clients, clients and FIS employees at all levels and various representative areas.  Strong analytical skills to determine client and prospect business needs and requirements.  Excellent decision-making, problem-solving, organizational and project management skills.  Ability to remain calm under various levels of pressure.  Ability to work well in an independent as well as team environment.  Ability to travel.  Ability to meets sales goals and objectives.  Previous sales support experience, aligning and presenting digital and automation solutions to prospects and/or clients.  Familiarity with competitors and their products.  Training and experience in effectively communicating and presenting in a virtual environment, including familiarity of relevant software and tools.
 Experience with Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analytics and Machine Learning Methodologies.  Experience with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment (trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.  Experience in operations analysis, data analytics, computer science or related field.  Experience with project management tools and techniques, such as JIRA, Confluence, Scrum and Kanban.  Experience leading a team of professionals including providing day to day supervision, managing team objectives and structure projects for on-time and on-budget delivery.  Excellent interpersonal communication, conflict management, coordination, and planning skills with cross-functional teams; experience communicating at different levels of the organization (including communicating complex modeling and statistical concepts).  Ability to balance technical depth with excellent communication skills.  Strong problem-solving skills ??effective at developing creative solutions and removing barriersEducation:.  Bachelors degree in Data Science,Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related degree. Minimum of 3 years of experience doing quantitative analysisPreferred:.  Masters or PhD degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related technical degree.  Experience with SQL, ProgR, Python, or other programming languages*PerformanceMetrics:Data quality & integrityProcess compliance ratesInternal customer inputCompetencies:PeopleCollaboration and InfluencingCommunication SkillsDrive for Results*Business.  Ability to see beyond the numbersBusiness AcumenCreativityCustomer FocusPerspectiveStrategic Agility*Functional/Technicalo .  Experience in Python or similarlanguageso .  Experience with Microsoft PowerBIo Proficient with data discovery / statistical analysis toolso Proficient with MS and Oracle SQLGlobal Leadership competencies most pertinent to this role are:Global LeadershipEstablish Direction and Create CommitmentFoster Innovation and Risk TakingInspire and MotivateJob Type: Full-time.
 At least 10 years of relevant technical leadership experience in a private sector context required, with at least 5 years of practical AI/ML leadership.  Ability to conduct technology analyses/evaluations, infrastructure decisions and deep code reviews.  Experience with and grounding in cutting-edge data science coding and algorithms.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills - both interpersonal as well as presentation and customer-facing skills.  Masters/PhD in Computer Science or other relevant graduate degree from top-tier institution strongly preferred.  Ability to build and maintain strong relationships with clients, industry groups and experts;.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills and sound business judgment to identify issues and present creative and practical solutions;.
 Skills Required:.  Excellent written and oral communications.  Ability to critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.  Ability to enhance ones programming skills to extend applications on the Salesforce platform.  Experience:.
 Familiarity with operations and architectures across Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, civil, and commercial agencies.  Experience establishing and growing trusted relationships at senior leadership levels (GO/SES), with a proven track record of being a strategic partner.  Strong analytical approach to strategy development and implementation, problem solving, and technology- and threat-based risk assessments.  Ability to provide expert, timely recommendations on complex mission directives and strategies involving technical document preparation and presentations.  Must be located or willing to relocate to Los Angeles.  BS and 15 years of related experience.
 Five (5) to seven (7) years of Product Management experience in an agile environment.  Three (3) to five (5) years of supervisory experience.  Have experience using an agile tracking tool (Rally, Jira etc.  Experience in driving organizational change.  With more than 85,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience.
 Familiarity with operations and architectures across Department of Defense, Intelligence Community, civil, and commercial agencies.  Experience establishing and growing trusted relationships at senior leadership levels (GO/SES), with a proven track record of being a strategic partner.  Strong analytical approach to strategy development and implementation, problem solving, and technology- and threat-based risk assessments.  Ability to provide expert, timely recommendations on complex mission directives and strategies involving technical document preparation and presentations.  Must be located or willing to relocate to Los Angeles.  BS and 15 years of related experience.
 Your past experiences include gathering a deep first experience in business conception and strategy development, preferably in the semiconductor and/or electronic industry.  Bachelors degree in science, economics or industrial engineering.  Industry experience in the semiconductor or electronics industry, ideally also including operational experience (e.  10+ years profound experience in a leading management consulting company or similar experience in the industry.  5+ years of experience in strategy development of companies or business units.  Masters or PhD in science, economics or industrial engineering or MBA.  Good commercial and financial skills, ideally experience with financial planning.  Ideally experiences in M&A.  Very good analytical skills and experienced with PowerPoint and Excel.
 Strong understanding in key source systems like; S4 Hana, Hadoop Platform, Informatica, and Datawarehouse.  Ability to ideate and execute, strong business insight complimented with technical experience and knowledge.  Strong business, technology, and people leader focused on execution, highly engaged, responsive, collaborative and able to drive key programs for the company.  Strong relationship building skills with a diverse and global partner community.  10+ years of experience in large scale, global, and demanding Information Technology or Engineering environments, at least 5+ years in a senior leadership role.  Solid background and experience in enterprise Analytics, leading global programs, supporting all business functions, and leading technology selection, architecture, and solution design decision-making processes.  Validated people, organization, and operations management capabilities.  Ability to lead and inspire deeply technical IT BSA and Engineering teams to succeed in a fast paced and highly demanding environment.  Ability to understand business strategy and translate that to strategic IT enterprise analytics and data science commitments.  Background leading IT Enterprise Applications teams and programs, leadership and business system analysis experience in this domain a plus.  Big 5 consulting experience a plus.  Experience in driving leading master data a plus.  Excellent written, verbal, and .
 Write detailed functional specifications, that captures technical details, user experience, supportability aspects, scale and performance goals, prioritization, and scoping of any features.  5+ years of industry experience as a Program or Product Manager in one or more of the following areas: Business Applications, Cloud services, Productivity applications/services, Analytics.  Experience driving development of SaaS products using Agile/DevOps engineering practices.  BS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field or equivalent experience.  Experience with Azure, AWS, or Google Cloud Platform.  Experience with building application experiences that delight users.
 This position will be located in Huntsville, AL and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  Bachelor's degree and 5 years of relevant experience; or 3 Years with .  Masters; 0 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance with adjudication in the last 6 years.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
 Advanced and market sensitive customer facing shopping experience.
 Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the futureResponsibilities.  Ability to deliver complex technology solutions in a fast-moving environmentQualificationsEducation/Certifications.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Information Technology or another related field or Equivalent, preferably with a PhD in Computer ScienceRequired Qualifications.  Must have excellent programming skills in Python and/or C++;.  Proficiency in Deep Learning packages such as Tensorflow, Tensorflow Lite, or PyTorch;.  Experience and understanding of SDLC phases.  Strong mathematical and statistical background.  Experience with embedded systems.  Experience with multi-threaded design and parallel/distributed computingMindset and skills.  Strong communication skills including written and verbal.  Ability to turn knowledge into business solutions.  Strong problem solving, analytical and organizational skills.  Knowledge of IOT platforms.  Experience using JIRA.  Education/Certifications.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical/Electronic Engineering, Information Technology or another related field or Equivalent, preferably with a PhD in Computer Science.  Must have excellent programming skills in Python and/or C++;.  Proficiency in Deep Learning packages such as Tensorflow, Tensorflow Lite, or PyTorch;.  Experience and understanding of SDLC phases.  Strong mathematical and statistical background.  Experience with embedded systems.  Experience with multi-threaded design and parallel/distributed computing.
 A Bachelor's Degree in Business, Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science or the equivalent.  A minimum of 3-5+ Years' experience managing software implementation projects.  SaaS/PaaS implementation experience.  Excellent business communication, organizational and project management skills.  Strong computer skills.  Excellent time management and decision-making skills.
 A Bachelor's Degree in Business, Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science or the equivalent.  A minimum of 3-5+ Years' experience managing software implementation projects.  SaaS/PaaS implementation experience.  Excellent business communication, organizational and project management skills.  Strong computer skills.  Excellent time management and decision-making skills.
Required Skills:Understanding of information technology and telecommunications systems; working knowledge of network interoperability, cybersecurity, and survivability issues, including cybersecurity best practices and standards.  Strong understanding of enterprise IT, including networking infrastructure, systems administration, data centers, and software applications and the development life cycle.  Strong understanding of research IT platforms, including high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and approach to applying cyber rules to an R&D environment.  Experience working with technologies including, but not limited to: Tenable Nessus, Splunk, Linux/Unix, and Windows systems.  Familiarity with NIST and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) to include NIST standards and special publications and the Risk Management Framework (RMF)Reasoning and problem-solving skills (including skills in troubleshooting, diagnosing, and resolving cyber defense infrastructure anomalies)Work in a matrix organizational structure and distributed team environmentRecognize and deal appropriately with confidential and sensitive information.  Ability to implement project plans and document progress of assigned tasks.  Ability to prepare and deliver presentations to technical and non-technical audiences.  Strong written and verbal communication skillsDesired Skills:.  Experience working in DevSecOps or Agile environmentsGovernment IT experience is highly desired.  Familiarity with cyber security and auditing toolsAdvanced knowledge of system, network, and OS hardening techniques.  Experience working with technologies including but not limited to: KVM, Hypervisor, OpenStack, Docker, Salt, Ansible, and TerraformBasic understanding of scripting languages, such as python, bash, VB, PowerShell, etc.  Experience in applying host/network access controls (e.  Experience: 12-16Certifications: A certification in IT-related security principles or auditing (e.  Experience:NIST: 5 years (Preferred)RMF: 5 years (Required)Agile: 1 year (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offWork from homeFlexible scheduleParental leaveProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementSchedule:Monday to Friday.
 This role will not only provide hands-on experience in the exciting world of high tech entrepreneurship but also expose the individual to a broad spectrum of categories.  Proven experience in marketing fundamentals and product launch marketing.  Led by experienced operators, we work with talented entrepreneurs and partnering corporations to create the next generation of AI-driven ventures. Qualifications: 3-5 years of hands-on B2B product marketing experience.  Experience with leading the marketing strategy in new venture settings is highly preferred.  Strong knowledge of social media management and strategies: Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, & Instagram, etc. Hands-on experience with ESPs, email & newsletter campaigns.  Proven experience in creating or leading branding processes, corporate messaging, clear completive differentiators, collaterals, newsletters, proposals, and pitches.  Experience:management: 3 years (Required)digital marketing: 3 years (Required)Additional Compensation:Other formsBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offWork from homeSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shift8 hour shiftBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
8+ years related experience in program and business analysis, including process improvement, project management, and budget preparation activities.  Experience with US Army or USMC maneuver warfare is required. Coding experience with AI/ML highly desired.  Experience planning, coordinating, and sequencing software/IT delivery tasks in an Agile software development environment.  Excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.  Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesPowerful analytical and problem solving skills ??including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. Advanced MS Word and PowerPoint skills; proficient Excel and Outlook application skills.  Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion.  Experience with navigating the Pentagons processes and the military chain of command is desirable.  Experience with the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process is also desirable.  Must have a DoD Top Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain an SCI.
 Experience with data science, business intelligence, analytics, or data-driven workflows.  Demonstrated experience creating and delivering compelling presentations to technical and non-technical audiences at varying levels of responsibility.  Excellent interpersonal, writing, and leadership skills.  Ability and willingness to travel up to 15%.  Bachelors or advanced degree in a relevant field, depending on position level.  Experience with GIS.  Familiarity with the Pragmatic Marketing Framework.
 Demonstrated experience teaching students in elementary or high school, preferably in STEM topics.  Proven proficiency delivering training via remote learning technologiesAdvanced and strategic communication and presentation skillsOrganizational skills and attention to detail.  Experience:teaching: 2 years (Preferred)tutoring: 2 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:NoneSchedule:Monday to Friday.
We are seeking an experienced Product Manager, with a strong technical background who can comfortably converse with a team of data engineers. DAY TO DAY SUMMARY:Manage RSN Operations data taxonomy, analytics and insights by:Analyzing application and infrastructure performance data in order to prevent, detect, and mitigate broadcast center incidentsPerforming machine learning for enriching media contentDeveloping data insights based on Consumer telemetry layerCreating models and processes that minimize the cost of the broadcast center by forecasting service management workloads, improving capacity planning, and optimizing resource utilizationEstablishing metadata taxonomy and data governance standardsManage the integration of RSN system data within Corporate Data Lake and Enterprise Data Warehouse environments by:Migrating legacy RSN data components to future state environmentsCreating and maintaining a data broker layer for orchestrating broadcast center telemetry messagesPartner with Software Development teams and RSN Operations leadership to ensure Data environments are in line with RSN needs and leadership objectivesAssist the Broadcast Center in performing continuous performance improvement by:Tracking operations and constantly look for ways to make things work better, faster, and smootherIdentifying continuous improvement initiatives and opportunities to unlock new possibilities through adoption of new technologies, automation, and digitalizationProvide technical leadership for the transformational development of the RSNs by:Guiding the technical development for the next generation of digital and innovative entertainmentInspiring a culture of continuous learning and adoption of digital and emerging technologiesCreate a culture where employees feel free to contribute their ideas to inventing new solutions to challenging business problemsQualifications:5+ years of data taxonomy, BI, data migration or data lake integration experience.  Experience with Consumer telemetry preferredMachine learning and artificial intelligence experience preferredThrive in a fast-paced and demanding environment, possess a high level of intellectual curiosity, and demonstrate strong judgment in the face of ambiguityJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $125,000.
 Proven track record of growing and guiding a development organization through learning, solving complex problems, and mentorship.  Proactive communicator, with experience guiding strong results via cross-functional partnerships and leadership skills.  Experience with large scale data processing using MapReduce/Hadoop/Spark and creating dashboards using Tableau.  5+ years of industry experience building and directing a team of high-performing software and data engineers.  This position requires a leader who possesses strong technical skills in machine learning and big data, and a team player who can cross organizational boundaries and thrives in finding insights in ambiguity.  Experience.  Masters or PhD in Computer Science or related field.
 You and your team will ensure that we maintain and leverage strong AI Platforms engineering practices across CSE; youll work hands on in customer engagements across the globe and then youll use this experience to provide both tactical and strategic feedback to make our products and services better.  At least 5+ years experience in leading a team of software engineers, data scientists or other similar technical fields.  At least 7+ years experience working hands on in a data science and/or software engineering role, coding and building solutions that run at scale.  At least 1+ year's experience working with one of more of the major cloud stacks: Microsoft Azure, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Alibaba Cloud.  Experience working with a variety of technologies, software stacks and languages.  Ability to travel, generally 25% but sometimes higher.
 Exceptional leadership skills including the ability to make strategic and tactical decisions ??.  Experience working closely with customers to identify solutions ??.  Experience in developing and executing strategic technology roadmaps to develop new business opportunities ??.  Experience working with Capture Management and Business Development to be the liaison between new customer program capture and Engineering ??.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills; works with others to coordinate efforts, resolve cross-team issues and effectively communicate changes ??Architect and design our next generation 5G platform and ecosystem ??Architect and design our security for next generation 5G platform and ecosystem ??.  Experience in link budget analysis, chain analysis, EVM analysis, and throughput analysis.  Knowledge of wireless infrastructure architectures and air interface standards including 5G, LTE and HSPA+.  Familiarity with 3GPP standards.  Familiarity with commercial 5G equipment and service offerings.  Ability to analyze and onboard 5G use cases as part of Proof of Concept demonstrations to inform Architecture decisions.  Ability to act as a leader/mentor in day-to-day operations to provide insights for less experienced colleagues, while continuing to be hands-on.  Bachelors Degree in an engineering discipline, .  Masters degree desired ??At least 8+ years of experience in Systems Engineering/Architect position on Cyber and /or Space programs.  Preferred Additional Skills:.  Experience with emerging Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Modeling/Simulation is a plus.
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field5+ years of customer-facing product development and product management experience, including defining, launching, and optimizing product and services.  You are responsible for working with our business partners across the company and its subsidiaries, articulating and driving the product feature design, prioritizing feature roadmap, contributing to the system design and architecture, and ensuring the final product experience.  You are innovative, courageous, positive, and are itching to explore your own full potential in creativity, technology, and experiences.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and online services on tight deadlines.  Experience coordinating complex products with stringent technical requirements, development cycles and schedules.  Experience with learning management systems (LMS) or other similar learning environment a huge plus.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically, with a penchant for deeply technical solutionsProficient writer and communicator, with ability to communicate any technical depth.  Experience with developing business partnership.  Knowledge of agile product development and life-cycle management process.
 Experience defining program requirements and using data and metrics to determine improvements5+ years of experience delivering cross functional projects5+ years of experience in program or project management5+ years of experience working cross functionally with tech and non-tech teams.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.  You are innovative, courageous, positive, and are itching to explore your own full potential in creativity, technology, and experiences.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment7+ years of customer-facing product development and product management experience, including defining, launching, and optimizing product and services.  Experience designing and driving customer outreach programs in a systematic manner.  Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and online services on tight deadlines.  Experience coordinating complex product development cycles and software/hardware development schedulesMarketing experience is a plus.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodicallyProficient writer and communicator.  Experience with developing business partnership.  Experience with learning management systems (LMS) or other similar learning environment a huge plus.  Knowledge of agile product development and life-cycle management process.  Masters degree.
 6+ years product management experience, ideally with experience in managing a global data product.  3+ years of people management experience, either a leader of teams or a direct manager.  Demonstrated experience with full life-cycle product management: problem definition and solution discovery, stakeholder buy-in, validation, launch, and ongoing operations.  Experience working with Power Platform, Tableau, SQL, SAS, MicroStrategy, Looker or other reporting and data visualization tools.  Experience tracking down and creating datasets, knowledge of preparation, organization and statistical analysis.  Excellent communication (written and oral) and presentation skills; solid business acumen; well-honed influencing skills are essential.
 Master degree in engineering/mathematics, e.  Must have business/product mind, business background preferred.  Prefer 2-3 years working experience in product management, Autonomous Technology - fully autonomous vehicles or ADAS.  Ability to utilize abstract reasoning techniques to formulate problems and establish creative solutions.  Ability to manage multiple projects, multi-tasking and meet deadlines.
 The ideal candidate has a strong team and project leadership experience, and knowledge in one or more of the following disciplines: Data Science, Applied or Theoretical Machine Learning, Deep Neural Networks, Classification Systems, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, and Artificial intelligence.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field and strong knowledge of machine learning.  Familiarity with a broad set of supervised and unsupervised ML-based solutions to complex problems in business, science, or engineering.  Experience with fast prototyping.  Experience working and/or leading effectively data science or software engineering teams.  Typically, eight or more years of relevant experience in the industry and/or academia.  Typically, twelve or more years of relevant experience in the industry and/or academia.  Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills.  Strong programming skills utilizing Scikit-learn, OpenCV, Keras and/or Tensorflow libraries.  Experience with machine learning methods like random forests, logistic regression, neural networks, k-nearest neighbors, etc??  Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc??.  Familiarity with Amazon Web Services for data analytics.  Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments.  Experience with big data frameworks (e.  We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.
 Ideally, we are looking for someone with an engineering background in electrical and mechanical engineering with experience designing and integrating complex systems You are best suited for this role if you enjoy both technical and managerial roles and are passionate about developing technology to solve problems.  You are an engineer with a strong technical background seeking to take your career to the next level or an experienced project manager with a varied set of backgrounds and experiences.  Bachelor s degree in appropriate Engineering disciple (Electrical, Mechanical, Robotics) required.  3+ years of overall engineering experience required.  Direct experience working with an engineering group with a strong engineering background in high-tech fields.  Experience in more than one area of product development: prototyping, design, fabrication, integration, and testing.  Ability to travel domestically and internationally if required.  A Master s or Ph.  degree in engineering.  Knowledge and/or experience in one or more of the following areas: Control Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Sensors, Robotics.  Experience writing proposals.
 Expert level knowledge and experience in system software design and operating system fundamentals.  Validated leadership skills and strong ownership on past projects in an environment with complex software and hardware designs.  Clear verbal and written communication with the proven ability to build consensus within a large organization.  Experience with design and development software in compliance with industrial-grade quality standards (DO-178b, ISO 26262, SPICE).  Familiarity with kernel level security concepts; this includes familiarity with threat modeling techniques in addition to tooling for both static and dynamic analysis.  BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree or equivalent experience and 12+ years of meaningful software development experience.  Past AI/Autonomous System Software experience.  Knowledge of virtualization platforms (XenServer, KVM, Hyper-V).  Previous experience in highly matrixed organizations in a leadership position.  Experience with embedded system SW concepts, e.
 BS/BA degree in Computer Information Systems/Management Information Systems or related discipline or equivalent.  5 - 7 years related work experience in information security governance and/or related functions such as IT audit and IT Risk Management.  Strong technical background with a variety of information security systems and tools including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, intrusion prevention systems, vulnerability management, intrusion detection and prevention, cloud access security broker, anti-virus/malware, data loss prevention.  Experience designing and implementing controls within corporate networks to include computer and network security and operating systems such as UNIX, Linux, MAC, and WINDOWS, as well as LAN/WAN internetworking protocols such as TCP/IP and network perimeter protection.  Excellent analytical skills in order to identify security risks and appropriate measures needed to help mitigate those risks.  Must be comfortable in conducting independent research of issues and inquiries to provide guidance when requested.  Experience with system implementations, identification of security related risks and development of recommended actions for remediation.  Experience with Security Incident Response including hands on involvement in detection, analysis, containment and remediation phases.  Our people, culture, and attitude along with their unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives put us on a trajectory to change the world.
 BS/BA degree in Computer Information Systems/Management Information Systems or related discipline or equivalent.  5 - 7 years related work experience in information security governance and/or related functions such as IT audit and IT Risk Management.  Strong technical background with a variety of information security systems and tools including firewalls, intrusion detection systems, intrusion prevention systems, vulnerability management, intrusion detection and prevention, cloud access security broker, anti-virus/malware, data loss prevention.  Experience designing and implementing controls within corporate networks to include computer and network security and operating systems such as UNIX, Linux, MAC, and WINDOWS, as well as LAN/WAN internetworking protocols such as TCP/IP and network perimeter protection.  Excellent analytical skills in order to identify security risks and appropriate measures needed to help mitigate those risks.  Must be comfortable in conducting independent research of issues and inquiries to provide guidance when requested.  Experience with system implementations, identification of security related risks and development of recommended actions for remediation.  Experience with Security Incident Response including hands on involvement in detection, analysis, containment and remediation phases.  Our people, culture, and attitude along with their unique set of skills, experiences, and perspectives put us on a trajectory to change the world.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field,8+ years experience building successful production software systems,6+ years management experience (including a combination of experience hiring, managing performance, and providing technical leadership),3+ years building systems that build and leverage AI-based technologies.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs,.  Experience in designing and building sophisticated fault-tolerant distributed systems,Understanding of developing software with systems-level performance constraints,.  Familiarity with communications and metrics,.  Experience with Java, web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, etc), multi-threaded programming, and telephony systems,.  Experience in driving systemic operational improvements,.  Experience building AI-based models.
 Masters degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Physics, Mathematics, Statistics or and Life Sciences;.  Five years of professional experience in a GxP related life science industry, ideally in Pharmacovigilance, where big data analytics have a significant role;.  Experience in a big and complex data environment (structured and unstructured data sources), using advanced analytics, artificial intelligence, deep learning frameworks and machine learning algorithms;.  Excellent understanding in statistical performance data, trend analysis to determine abnormalities and a broad understanding in a variety of data environments and tools (like SAS, ProgR, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Rapid Miner, Spotfire, etc.  Strong business understanding of pharmaceutical medicine and delivery of healthcare and ability to collaborate with business teams as a sparring partner to identify high-impact opportunities by leveraging extensive data assets;.  Strong leadership skills and competencies in cross-functional teams;.  Strong relationship builder both internally and externally with a wide variety of partners from different cultures and organizational levels;.
 The ideal candidate for this position has the capacity, knowledge, and experience to develop a holistic understanding of our autonomous system and operations.  Bachelor's degree in English, Journalism, Communications, or a related field.  5+ years of people management experience.
 Bachelor's Degree in the sciences or engineering with 5+ years related work experience.  Proven track record of building customer/partner relationships.  Excellent pipeline management skills.  Experience working with large companies, and preferably the automotive industry.  Proven ability to develop strong working relationships inside the company, with customers, and partners.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 To help us continue to grow our offerings, were in search of an experienced product manager and UI / UX expert to lead our multi-disciplinary development team.  Well need you to be confident in your leadership and have experience guiding cross-functional teams in the successful creation of significant development projects. Objectives and Responsibilities of this Role* Drive the project planning process across cross-functional development team* Use UI / UX expertise to optimize platform functionality while prioritizing automation* Analyze project requirements and develop appropriate programs to ensure theyre successful achieved* Develop, implement, and maintain project timelines across our development team* Appraise new project ideas and develop integrative strategies as neededSkills and Qualifications* .  Strong experience in a dynamic project management role* Previous software and web development experience* .  Proven experience overseeing all elements of the project development lifecycle* Highly effective cross-functional team management* Demonstrable knowledge in SEM and online advertisingTechnical Qualifications* Laravel .  Experience* Vue.
 This position will be located in Huntsville, AL and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  Bachelor's degree and 5 years of relevant experience; or 3 Years with .  Masters; 0 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance with adjudication in the last 6 years.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
 This position will be located in Bellevue, NE and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises Basic Qualifications:.  Bachelor's degree and 9 years of relevant experience; or 7 Years with .  Masters; or 4 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance.
 American Century Investments짰 is a leading global asset manager with over 60 years of experience helping investors achieve their financial goals.  Required Skills/.  Experience:.  15+ years of experience with significant leadership and supervisory tenure, preferably in buy side firms.  Experience in building and deploying Order Management Systems, Trade Execution technologies, pre and post trade compliance systems.  Experience with leading OMS systems like CRD, SimCorp OMS, EzeCastle etc.  Significant experience operating in financial services, with preference for buy-side (asset management, investment manager, hedge fund, mutual fund) experience.  Outstanding interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate with individuals at all levels of the organization in both verbal and written form.  Strong enterprise level project management and vendor relationship skills.
 10+ years of total work experience.  3+ years of experience in supporting AWS-based production infrastructure.  3+ years of experience administering UNIX/Linux server required (or equivalent work experience).  3+ years of experience with Apache, Tomcat and any other Java application servers and relational database servers like MySQL (LAMP experience is highly preferred).  Experience with configuring and securing mission-critical production servers.  Experience with configuring load balancers and data.  Experience in Scripting, with experience implementing automation and monitoring using shell scripting or any other language.  Experience in analysis and system performance tuning.  Critical thinking skills in a complex IT environment to analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve problems without direction.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Bachelor's or .  Masters degree in Computer Science (or equivalent work experience).  Experience with monitoring tools like Nagios, tripwire, aide and other custom monitoring tools.  Very competitive salary based on prior experience and qualifications.
 Ability to work in a fast pace environment.  Ability to read through ticket details in a proficient manner understanding how to best provide support to customer.  Ability to continue Artificial Intelligence programming and product updates when necessary.  Ability to make administrative changes and updates to our ticketing software. Preferred Qualifications: 쨌 Associates degree or related experience.  Excellent verbal & written communication skills쨌 Proficient with MS Excel & WorkJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $59,000.  Experience:Microsoft Office: 1 year (Required)system administration: 1 year (Preferred)Technical Support: 1 year (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field or 5 years experience쨌 U.  Experience in enterprise information solution architecture, design, and development쨌 .  Experience with Git/Git Flow/Bitbucket and modern source code management methodology쨌 .  Experience with Javascript, Java, C+, .  Experience with JSON or XML data modeling쨌 .  Knowledge of multiple programming environments, debugging tools, and test tools쨌 .  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, sense of ownership, urgency and drive쨌 Domain knowledge of NoSQL or relational database쨌 .  Experience developing enterprise grade production software쨌 .  Experience administering software applications in Linux operating environments쨌 Understanding of database architecture and performance implications쨌 High capacity for learning new technologies쨌 Working knowledge of MarkLogic products and operational experience in database administrationPreferred Qualifications쨌 .  Experience designing and implementing server-less, micro-services architecture on a major cloud platform쨌 Web development experience with React, Vue.  Experience with AWS or Azure modern data architecture technologies쨌 .  Experience with MuleSoft, Boomi, NiFi, or other integration technologies쨌 .  Experience in developing Mobile Web applications쨌 .  Experience integrating Business Intelligence applications like Qlik Sense, Tableau, or PowerBi쨌 .  Experience with analytics tools like SAS, ProgR, Python, and other advanced statistical software쨌 .  Experience with Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Deep Learning algorithms쨌 .  Experience working with content or knowledge management systems, search engines, relational databases, NoSQL databases, ETL tools, geospatial systems, or semantic technologyTo apply go to http://www.
 Skills and Qualifications.  Experience in marketing, analytics or internet/mobile product development.  Top performer with proven track record.  Very competitive salary based on prior experience and qualifications.
 Must be US Citizen with ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance.  We need experienced healthcare focused professionals who know and understand the importance of improving electronic healthcare records and healthcare records management.  Extensive experience in managing multiple data sources aligned with healthcare data sets, clinical data cases and experience working with data resident in multiple EHR systems.  Bachelors and nine (6-7) years or more experience; .  Masters and seven (4-6) years or more experience; PhD or JD and four (2-3) years or more experience.  Must have experience in at least 5 (five) the following technologies.  Extensive experience with full open source Hadoop stack, Cluster Management, Big Data Repositories (Warehouses, Lakes) and Cloud-Based Data Management Tools, Principles and Methodologies.  Experience supporting implementations moving data into Amazon Web Services (AWS) Government Cloud environment.  Expertise in and with Defense health clinical/medical data working in the healthcare industry.  Must be US Citizen with ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance.  Experience in Health Systems Data such as Electronic Health Records (EHR) or Military Health (MHS) systems.  Previous experience with any of the following systems is highly preferred:.  Experience with Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence/Natural Language Processing to help shape the data mapping within the solution.  Experience with other open source data tools like Sqoop, Oozie and Flume.  Ability to obtain Secret clearance.
 BA or BS from a top-tier institution.  10+ years of Semiconductor and Pricing experience is required.  Additional experience could.  Must have strong grasp on the workings of P&amp;L and understanding of the knobs to turn.  Proven success in high knowledge + high influence roles.  Experience across a range of functions (e.  Must have a Global Mindset: Understands buyer behaviors in all geographies.
 hyper-automation.
 Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field7+ years of customer-facing product development and product management experience, including defining, launching, and optimizing product and services.  You are responsible for working with our business partners across the company and its subsidiaries, articulating and driving the product feature design, prioritizing feature roadmap, contributing to the system design and architecture, and ensuring the final product experience.  You are innovative, courageous, positive, and are itching to explore your own full potential in creativity, technology, and experiences.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and online services on tight deadlines.  Experience coordinating complex products with stringent technical requirements, development cycles and schedules.  Experience with learning management systems (LMS) or other similar learning environment a huge plus.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically, with a penchant for deeply technical solutionsProficient writer and communicator, with ability to communicate any technical depthMBA or .  Masters degree.  Experience with developing business partnership.  Knowledge of agile product development and life-cycle management process.
 Exceptional leadership experience with Systems Engineering and Model Based Systems Engineering.  Exceptional leadership skills including the ability to make strategic and tactical decisions.  Extensive experience working closely with customers to identify solutions.  Extensive experience in developing and executing strategic technology roadmaps to develop new business opportunities.  Extensive experience working with Capture Management and Business Development to be the liaison between new customer program capture and Engineering.  Proven ability to lead teams to develop Cyber system architectures of varying complexity.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills; works with others to coordinate efforts, resolve cross-team issues and effectively communicate changes.  Demonstrated experience in leading a team to design and integrate Space/Ground Cyber Systems.  Demonstrated experience leading the design and integration of Key Management Systems including Electronic Key Management System (EKMS) and Key Management Infrastructure (KMI).  Experience with cloud-based computing solutions such as AWS and IC ITE.  Experience with migrating applications to Cloud environments.  Demonstrated experience in system design, integration and hardening of communication, networks and Sensor Systems.  Bachelors Degree in an engineering discipline, .  Masters degree desired.  At least 12+ years of experience in Systems Engineering/Architect position on Cyber and /or Space programs.  Preferred Additional Skills:.  RF Design and Architecture experience is a plus.  Experience with emerging 5G technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Modeling/Simulation is a plus.
 SDL Research is currently looking to hire a Program Manager to join our organization and help us evolve our proven record of Machine Translation innovation and success in delivering cutting edge Linguistic Artificial Intelligence technology to our valued customers.  The perfect candidate is a service-minded self-starter with excellent organization, communication and adaptability skills that is experienced in project and program management, can collaborate with multiple teams and managers simultaneously and has an affinity for process and team productivity improvement.  Excellent communication skills (oral and written).  Understanding of Agile frameworks and experience with Agile project management software.  Bachelors degree or master degree in the field of operations, linguistics or strategy.  Understanding of NLP (Natural Language Processing) principles and hands-on experience with machine translation.  Experience with creation and implementation of scaled processes and operations.  Proven stakeholder management skills.  Ability to analyze data and present metrics in order to facilitate decision making.  Ability to thrive and constantly perform while working to facilitate, support and monitor research and development efforts.
 This position will be located in Huntsville, AL and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  5 years of experience with .  Masters; 0 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.  Bachelor's degree and 9 years of relevant experience; or 7 Years with .  Masters; or 4 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
 Experience in a tech start-up involved in software development.  Proven success in managing teams in different locations.  Bachelor's in business, engineering, computer sciences, or a related field.  Expertise in PM techniques and methodologies like Agile.  Experience in autonomous vehicles and/or robotics.  Experience with a company going to and through IPO.  Master's in a technical field.
 5-7 years of project management experience in the one of the fields below is desired:.  BS Degree in Engineering discipline preferred, or a combination of education and experience.  Experience in the transportation or rail/railroad industry is a plus.
 Knowledge and Skills.  Experience with microservice architecture.  Experience with AWS.  Experience with Kubernetes a very big plus.  Experience with both SQL and NoSQL technologies, when to use what.  Familiarity with Test Driven Development a big plus.  Knowledge of SSO practices and OAuth workflows a plus.  Experience.  Experience leading a team of Engineers through various stages of product development, with a prior focus on scaling consumer-facing applications.  Minimum of 10+ years of experience in software development.  5+ years of experience leading a team.  Experience scaling backend services to millions of users.
 Essential job skills include:.  Expertise with Microsoft SQL Server.  Graph Database experience desired.  Experience working with NVDIA based GPU accelerators a plus.  Knowledge of disaster recovery and database backup procedures.  Strong interpersonal skills and strong attention to detail.  5-10 years of related experience.  Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Engineering.
 The ideal candidate must showcase domain expertise in voice, SMS, and chat automation solutions to contact centers.  5+ years' experience in B2B product marketing, ideally with SaaS products.  Strong understanding of the product go-to-market life cycle.  Strong ability to manage multiple projects while maintaining consistent output and timelines.   Ideally, have experience working in a startup environment where you have had to wear many hats at a time.   High proficiency in MS Office, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.   BA/BS degree with MBA preferred.  We offer incredible opportunities to learn and work on projects that transform the customer experience.  We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package, and the opportunity to join a rapidly growing startup with a proven product.
  Strategize ongoing website changes for a compelling experience that engages our audiences and leads to measurable action.  4-year college degree in marketing, business administration or communication, public affairs/relations, journalism, or related.  Ability to manage multiple projects while maintaining consistent output and timelines.   High proficiency in MS Office, particularly Excel, PowerPoint, and Word.   3 or more years' experience in marketing, advertising, public relations, or communications with a bonus in B2B tech marketing, ideally with SaaS products.  We offer incredible opportunities to learn and work on projects that transform the customer experience.  We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package, and the opportunity to join a rapidly growing startup with a proven product.
 Andrew Ng, the $176 million-dollar funded venture studio is backed by top-tier VC firms and investors, along with the AI Fund teams combined experiences as AI pioneers, entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, and operators.  As part of an early-stage startup you can expect to wear multiple hats, be scrappy, gain experience in multiple functions while building teams in a dynamic environment.  What You Must Bring:.  5-7 years of experience in the education or technology field.  Bachelor's degree in education, communications, business, STEM or a related field.  Experience in external communications, marketing, admissions or recruiting.  Experience with startups in creating processes, designing SOPs and evaluating key metrics to drive success.
 Minimum requirement of BS or MS, 8+ years related experience and 4+ years of management/leadership experience, or an equivalent combination of graduate studies and experience.  Experience in leading a product focus engineering team.  Experience taking projects from Research to Productization.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development.
 SDL Research is currently looking to hire a Program Manager to join our organization and help us evolve our proven record of Machine Translation innovation and success in delivering cutting edge Linguistic Artificial Intelligence technology to our valued customers.  The perfect candidate is a service-minded self-starter with excellent organization, communication and adaptability skills that is experienced in project and program management, can collaborate with multiple teams and managers simultaneously and has an affinity for process and team productivity improvement.  Excellent communication skills (oral and written).  Understanding of Agile frameworks and experience with Agile project management software.  Bachelors degree or master degree in the field of operations, linguistics or strategy.  Understanding of NLP (Natural Language Processing) principles and hands-on experience with machine translation.  Experience with creation and implementation of scaled processes and operations.  Proven stakeholder management skills.  Ability to analyze data and present metrics in order to facilitate decision making.  Ability to thrive and constantly perform while working to facilitate, support and monitor research and development efforts.
 Experience managing an innovative HR services program for a Federal Government contractor is a must.  Qualified applicants will possess the credentials, proven experience, expert communications, and management proficiency in state-of-the-art recruitment, compensation, and jurisdictional compliance to support a business licensed to operate in multiple states and local jurisdictions.  Have experience in full-life cycle recruiting in the Federal Government and commercial environments.  Must be a U.  Bachelor Degree in HR or related field.  Minimum 5 years of HR-related experience required.  Ability to multitask, adapt to changing priorities and new technologies, and meet deadlines.  Knowledge of all Federal, state, local laws and regulations pertaining to functional areas of responsibility (i.  Experience using HR tools and databases.  Knowledge of applicant tracking system and DOL compliance/reporting.  Excellent written/oral communication and presentation skills.  Ability to adapt to changing assignments, priorities, goals/objectives.  Ability to anticipate organizational HR issues/needs and generate innovative solutions.  Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload to meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced, dynamic work environment.  Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.  Excellent communication skills, written and verbal, with the ability to clearly communicate issues and ideas.
10+ years of experience in one or more of the following: Manufacturing, Supply chain, Industry 4.  Experience with cloud computing and related concepts.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.  Strong negotiation skills, business knowledge, and financial acumen.  Strong analytical skills, including demonstrated ability to conduct detailed data analysis, use it to derive useful business insight, and apply that insight to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to colleagues and customers.  Would you like to help our customers innovate like Amazon ??and deliver breakthrough experiences for their end customers? Would you like to pioneer the use of cloud services to help drive innovation? Would you like to be part of building a fast-growing program to worldwide scale? Do you have the business savvy, technical knowledge, and leadership skills necessary to help AWS take its transformational messages to business customers, help them envision the possibilities that our services and solutions can create for them, and then help them unlock that potential value for their businesses?.  The right candidate for this role would have a combination of skills and experience developing and applying structured thought frameworks to enable technology - enabled business transformation, aligning business requirements with technology capabilities, formulating go-to-market strategies, creating and leading market-facing programs to execute those strategies, engaging with customers in business and technical roles, and collaborating cross-functionally with colleagues and partners to achieve tangible business outcomes for customers.  The ideal candidate is experienced and effective engaging with business and technical customers at senior levels, including within the C-suite, with mid-level management, and at junior levels, at companies of all sizes (large enterprises, mid-market companies, and small companies).  Startup experience is also helpful.  Strong analytical skills, and demonstrated ability to turn detailed data analysis into useful strategic insight in order to drive customer adoption and make appropriate recommendations to the business.  Experience with, and detailed knowledge of the support market and insights related to cloud computing and IT.  Strong verbal and written communications skills are a must, as well as leadership skills.  Experience selling to Fortune 1000 and/or Global 2000 organizations.  Experience with cloud computing and or related fields (IT, software, etc)MBA or equivalent relevant business experience.
 Expertly designs, specs, schedules and provides high quality implementation of multiple features.  Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems, and/or a Microsoft Certified Professional Developer (MCPD).  10+ years experience in software development.  Exceptional experience in one or more of the following software languages: SQL, C#, JavaScript.  Experience with the Microsoft Suite (.  Experience with developing services, clients and multi-threaded software.  Experience with web services.  Experience with AWS.  Excellent communication skills.  Excellent problem-solving skills.  Excellent decision-making skills.  Experience(s) as a technical or team lead or equivalent experience.  Excellent understanding of unit testing.  Excellent understanding of user stories or use cases.  Excellent understanding of design patterns or equivalent experience.  Excellent understanding of object oriented software design.  Experience if you have:.  Experience developing with SQL Server or equivalent.  Experience with Jira.  Experience with automation/testing tools.  Experience with/knowledge of agile development processes.  Experience(s) as a technical or team lead or equivalent experience.  Experience with telecommunications/telephony.  Experience with call centers.  Experience with CI/CD.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 5+ years of experience with machine learning, data science, or data engineering.  2+ years of experience with natural language processing (NLP) model or deep learning (DL) model building.  Experience with scripting languages, including Python and ProgR, and using packages used in machine learning applications or advanced data analytics.  Ability to lead teams of data scientists and technical consultants in project based areas.  Ability to articulate workflows and explain technical concepts to non-technical audiences.  MA or MS degree.  Experience with a wide variety of machine learning tools, including Elsticsearch, Keras, TensorFlow, and Caffee.  Experience with extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) processes and tools.
 The Microsoft Search, Assistant and Intelligence (MSAI) group is leading this effort.  We are looking for a thought leader who can bring deep applied science experience and knowledge to help us in building the future of AI systems.  As an applied scientist in MSAI you would work in an exciting and fast-paced environment, collaborating closely with teams across the company, including Microsoft Research (MSR).  Support and develop a research culture within the MSAI organization that encourages experimentation and scientific process to drive innovation in our products and service.  Applied Research experience in at least one of the following:.  Bachelors degree in computer science or closely related field, .  Masters or PhD preferred.  8+ years of professional experience developing product level algorithms preferred, with a proven track record of successfully shipping applied research to production.  Excellent problem solving and data analysis skills, with expertise in developing or applying predictive analytics, statistical modeling, data mining, or machine learning algorithms, especially at scale.
 Charles Schwab Asset Management Solutions (SAMS) Technology is part of the Schwab Technology Services (STS) organization which is responsible for the companys use of information technology including all telecommunications, operations and client and business applications.  SAMS Technology is aligned to support the technology needs of Charles Schwab Investment Management Inc.  In addition to CSIM, SAMS is comprised of Charles Schwab Investment Advisory, Inc.  As one of the industrys largest and most experienced asset managers, we put client needs first and are committed to lowering costs and reducing unnecessary complexity on behalf of all investors and the financial professionals who serve them.  This Senior Managing Director position within SAMS Technology reports directly to the Vice President and divisional CIO and will provide senior leadership to the Direct Indexing business which encompasses Portfolio Management, Trading, Investment Risk and middle and back office for direct to client, direct to advisor and Separately Managed Accounts products.  The individual will manage the relationships with the Chief Investment and Risk Officers, Heads of the Investment Teams, Heads of Trading for Equity within SAMS.  In addition, the individual will be responsible for a public cloud based platform and architecture which will require relationship management and collaboration with the senior leaders in Schwab Digital Services, Custody and Operations and Advisor Services organizations to offer an end to end digital client experience.  This role requires a highly motivated, organized and experienced business focused technology leader with a proven record of software delivery to a front office investment management business.  Experience.  12+ years of experience in front office technology software development for an investment management firm.  Minimum of ten years experience leading an information technology software delivery organization across multiple technical and investment management product disciplines.  At least ten years experience managing the software development lifecycle leveraging the latest methodologies and industry applicable technologies including public cloud, artificial intelligence (Natural Language Processing and machine Learning) and data science.  Extensive experience leading solution delivery teams inclusive of scope, scheduling, budgeting and project planning in an environment with aggressive delivery goals and client product launches.  Proven record of delivering technology solutions within agreed upon budgets and timeframes.  Substantiated experience raising the bar on staff delivery performance and cultivating high performance work environments with integrated teams.  Significant experience transforming teams through technology, organization, culture, process and business change management.  Ability to work hands on with team members to inspire and motivate all levels of staff towards both tactical and strategic delivery goals.  Ability to work effectively in matrixed cross functional teams providing holistic leadership and management to deliver on the product objectives.  Ability to drive change with external counterparties and vendors, managing and enhancing relationships and services provided.  Excellent written communication, presentation and facilitation skills with experience preparing reports to executive management and boards of trustees.
 Must have an active DOD TS/SCI.  High School diploma with 4-6 years of related experience.  4-6 years of experience with Palantir.  Excellent interpersonal and communications skills.  Excellent analytical writing and briefing skills, with experience providing planned and ad hoc briefings and demonstrations for VIPs and/or distinguished visitors.  Excellent working knowledge of MS Office applications (Word, EXCEL, PowerPoint).  Experience working in a dynamic environment; during high-tempo operations, can relay and clearly articulate information.  Experience & Qualifications.  Bachelors Degree in a technology field, such as IT, Cybersecurity, Computer Science.  Experience working in a JOC environment.  Experience as an ITC.  Experienced in Multi-Int Analysis & Archiving System MAAS, ArcGIS, GETS, DCGS tools, AIMES, and Google Earth.  Experience with Data mining using M3, or open-source reporting, etc.  Experience exploiting Full Motion Video (FMV).  Experience exploiting High Altitude imagery.  Experience exploiting Captured Enemy Materials.  Experience exploiting Publicly Available information.  Knowledge of and experience with the imagery collection process.  Preferred candidates will also bring experience employing entry-level or higher IT/Systems.
 Ten or more years of experience in project management.  Experience taking ownership and delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Solid understanding of Agile/Scrum methodologies, Project Management, Software Development Life Cycle, Software Quality Assurance methodologies, and familiarity with project management tools and bug/issue tracking system.  Masters in a quantitative discipline, e.  Ability to see the big picture and fine details as per the situation.  PMP Certification or Scrum Master certification.  Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills.
 American Century Investments짰 is a leading global asset manager with over 60 years of experience helping investors achieve their financial goals.  Required Skills/.  Experience:.  15+ years of experience with significant leadership and supervisory tenure, preferably in buy side firms.  Experience in building and deploying operational systems to support a portfolios lifecycle.  Experience with leading Fund Administration systems, Middle Office systems, Tax and reporting systems, like SimCorp, Eagle, FIS, Omgeo etc.  Significant experience operating in financial services, with preference for buy-side (asset management, investment manager, hedge fund, mutual fund) experience.  Outstanding interpersonal skills including the ability to interact with individuals at all levels of the organization in both verbal and written form.  Strong enterprise level project management and vendor relationship skills.
Interface with LIMS Architect/Administrator(s) to facilitate integration of bioinformatics tools to the LIMS (e.  QualificationsPhD or MS plus 3 years of industry experience in Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Genomics or other related fields.  Demonstrated experience in developing bioinformatics tools/pipelines and data analysis strategies is required.  Experience analyzing large genomic datasets and/or other ?쁮mics datasets is required.  Demonstrated experience in forward genetics approaches for trait discovery is required (e.  Demonstrated experience with genome assembly and annotation is preferred; experience with polyploid genomes and/or phased assemblies is a plus.  Ability to design and analyze transcriptomic experiments.  Experience working with sequence analysis software (e.  Experience working in the cloud environment (AWS, Azure) is preferred.  Familiarity with several languages (e.  Experience in one or more areas of advanced analytics preferred (e.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work in a team environment to achieve project goals.
 Excellent work-life balance through flexible time off and workplace flexibility.  BS/BA or equivalent.  Two years or more of direct project or event planning experience.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Excellent ability to collaborate with staff and volunteers.  Experience in staff supervision.
 Compute North is seeking a Finance/Administrative Assistant with 2-5 years of experience to join our Finance team to help support our growth! We are looking for someone who is independent, highly detailed with proven accuracy when dealing with confidential and financial information.  Experience.  2+ years of professional level financial experience including AP and AR a plus but not required.  NetSuite experience a plus, but not required.  Proven ability to clearly communicate with all levels of the organization, including C-suite.  Ability to be productive in a fast-paced environment with dynamic workdays and changing prioritize.  Led by an experienced management team with deep experience in technology, finance, and energy, the company has been on an extremely fast growth track.
 Expertise (SME) support to the DTRA RD TT on all aspects of Counter Threat Network (C-TN) technologies for current and anticipated programs and conduct outreach for new and innovative technologies.  Experience.  Research-based MS Degree (required) or D.  17+ years of related work experience.  Demonstrated experience in Computer Science and numerical methods background.  Academic and-or professional experience is desired in two or more of the following:.  Experience integrating human factors engineering assessments with capability development.  Experience in leading technology development from low technology readiness level (TRL 3-4) to TRL 6 and 7.
 In this position, you will experience a wide range of technology spectrum and solve challenging problems that really matter.  An advanced degree in science majors such as Computer Science, Physics, or Mathematics is strongly preferred.
 Our team is responsible for delivering modern storytelling experiences to PowerPoint customers on any device, anywhere on the planet.  Passion for engaging with all our customers ??from IT departments to creative directors, professional speakers, students, teachers, information workers, social media influencers, independent software vendors ?볛?and a proven ability to work collaboratively to identify, design, and deliver the next set of features to address their needs will enable you to be successful in this role.  5+ years of product management experience.  Proven ability to design, deliver, and iterate on complex projects with a diverse set of stakeholders from ideation to production.  Experience in system and service architectural design, or the technical aptitude to ramp up in this area.  Demonstrated passion for customer-centric and data-driven designs and customer validation, including experience gathering requirements from customers and the ability to derive insights from a variety of data sets.
 Hands on experience on building models at speed and scale.  Ability to work in a collaborative, transparent style with cross-functional stakeholders across the organization to lead and deliver results.  Strong skills in oral and written communication including experience in effectively communicating with executives, employees, colleagues, and clients.  Ability to lead a high-functioning team and develop and train people.  A minimum of 3 years of experience programming in SQL, and Python and R.  A minimum of 3 years of experience working with relational databases and distributed computing platforms and their query interfaces.  Experience conceiving, implementing and continually improving machine learning projects.  Strong familiarity with higher level trends in artificial intelligence and open-source platforms.  Experience working with AWS, Azure, or similar cloud platform.  Familiarity with visualization techniques and software.
 Experiences team with ambitious goals? We are hiring extremely talented, highly motivated and productive applied and data scientists with expertise in building large scale natural language understanding and natural language generation models using cutting edge Deep Learning technologies as well as advanced linguistic knowledge.  Experience and Devices Division, we are the Natural Languages .  Experience team, sitting at the intersection between experience, intelligence, data and system.  Our team is responsible for energizing the next generation of Office productivity experiences with the power of aggregated big data, artificial intelligence and large-scale cloud computing.  On top of that, we are aggressively evolving Office experience towards AI aided task completion for effective reading, writing and designing documents in Microsoft Office.  As an experienced applied scientist, your responsibilities include working with researchers, applied scientists and engineers to design and build various deep learning NLP models using latest technologies for Office intelligent services.  You would be driving intelligence experience projects through their entire life-cycle from idea creation through implementation, experimentation and finally to world-wide availability.  5+ years of research or product experience in Natural Language Processing.  Hands-on experience in Deep Learning using frameworks such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, etc.  Strong coding skills in one or more of Python, C#, C/C++.  Strong ability and effectiveness working in a significant technical problem domain, in the term of plan, design, execution, continuous release and service operation.  Ability to effectively work in collaborative multiple project team environment and ship model features in a fast-paced startup environment.  Strong ability in self-learning, entering new domain, managing through uncertainty in an innovative team environment.
Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you.  We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be.  The right candidate will leverage their experience as a Program Manager to mentor and lead the team during all phases of the program from inception through completion. Minimum of 10 years' experience as a Program/Project Manager.  Experience leading a large program supporting the DoD or another Federal agency.  Experience managing program of $50M or greater. Specific experience leading or collaborating with a data science or data analytics programs.  Experience in managing multiple suppliers. A minimum of 10 years of experience managing and supporting geographically dispersed operations and engineering staff of varying skill levels.  Ability to rapidly respond to Task Order requests.  Prior Military or Government civilian service in the USAF Data Science background and/or experience. Operations Research or Analytics Modeling background and/or experience.  Experience with SAF/CO, SAF/MG and/or SAF/CN (CIO) organizations/leaders.  Experience with Agile Software Development, DevSecOps, Cloud Services and Technologies.
 Ability to hold a Top Secret security clearance (without polygraph) is preferred, but not required.  Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred).  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  are self-directed and can prioritize experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer.
 Ability to hold a Top Secret security clearance (without polygraph) is preferred, but not required.  Strong engineering leadership in the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision.  At least 5-7 years of experience in product or project management.  are self-directed and can prioritize experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer.
 2+ years - Insurance experience.  Strong QA Testing .  Experience.  Strong SQL skills (Intermediate to .  Expert level).  Ability to write/modify medium to complex scripts/procs and queries.  Hands-on experience on API Tools ??Rest- Assured, Ready API, Postman, SOAPUI)- 1-2 years.  Automation experience -basics, concepts and automation tools- 1-2 years.  Ability to understand web technologies like XML, JSON, JavaScript etc.  Working experience on ETL tools (preferred Informatica), Job Scheduling tools (like CA Workload Automation, Autosys), .  Exposure to VBA ??2-3 years.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Ability to create end to end test strategy across multiple applications and systems with technical skills (Skills example: API, Cloud, Cross browsers).
 Strong communication skills are essential to deliver your message globally across various stakeholders/teams with diverse backgrounds and focus areas spanning research, development, engineering, business, and management.  You will apply your advanced data analytics, artificial intelligence/machine learning knowledge and experience to interact with stakeholders, identify new problems and opportunities, develop innovative propositions, contribute to intellectual property, and build and pilot first-of-its-kind demonstrators.  PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Science , Electrical Engineering or related field, with 10+ years of experience in developing and implementing AI/ML related projects.  Strong technical skills on machine learning/AI with proven track record.  These technical skills include, but not limited to, regression techniques, neural networks, decision trees, clustering, pattern recognition, probability theory, stochastic systems, Bayesian inference, statistical techniques, deep learning, supervised learning, unsupervised learning.  Strong technical knowledge on big data technologies, cloud, and opensource software tools.  Desirable experience in multicultural/global team and influencing decisions at the highest management levels.  Experienced in using AI/ML platforms, technologies, techniques (e.
 Experience:.  Minimum 10 years of overall Datawarehouse, Data management and analytics experience.  Minimum of 5 years experience in leading IT architecture projects.  Minimum of 7 years of experience in data architecture and technology as well as designing and implementing data architectures.  Minimum of 5 years experience in implementing and leading data integration projects.  Minimum of 5 years experience in cloud data integration.  Minimum of 5 years experience in architecting and implementing data engineering solutions in AWS.  Minimum of 3 years experience in architecting and implementing data engineering solutions on Databricks.  Industry experience in Life-sciences and Pharma is required.  Excellent communication and client management skills.  Knowledge of architecting HIPPAA Complaint cloud infrastructure for data management is a plus.  Knowledge of Commercial Processes and Data sets is preferred.
 We are looking to utilize our expertise and expand into services in the areas of Hardware and Product Design, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, IoT, Connectivity, Firmware, Software, Analytics, App development and Product Validation as a 'one stop solution' provider. Skills/.  Experience쨌 .  Bachelors degree in a related field like Business, Communications or Marketing쨌 5+ years work experience in Sales with Product engineering or IT company only쨌 Prior engineering services business lead generation experience is MUST.  Ability to multi-task and creativity are essential.  Excellent communication skills with good presentation and logical reasoning skills쨌 Comfortable doing database generation, email marketing and cold calling campaigns쨌 Comfortable with Google search, LinkedIn and Microsoft excel to build prospects database쨌 Hard working, energetic and passionate about sales, someone who show lot of enthusiasm talking to prospects and understand their pain point. If you believe you can take a highly experience team with a track record of successfully delivering complex products, please apply in confidence.  Experience:staffing: 5 years (Preferred)Sales: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Associate (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Work from homeThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Yes.
 This position plays a critical role within the accounts to identify, develop and measure audiences across connected ecosystems and experiences.  Critical to this role is the ability to work with client services, creative, and experience strategy to solve client problems with data and tell compelling data-driven stories.  You have experience using Artificial Intelligence (using supervised, semi-supervised, reinforcement learning, and unsupervised AI & ML methodologies), Data-Driven Contact Strategy Development (Identifying the optimal sequencing, frequency, offer and channel mix, achieved by leveraging multivariate testing methodologies, (e.  Bachelors degree in a quantitative subject (Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Economics, or Social Science, with heavy emphasis on quantitative methods required; Advanced Degree in quantitative subject is preferred.  8-10 years of analytical experience, ideally marketing agency experience or management consulting practice.  Experience in statistical techniques such as: multivariate predictive modeling, multidimensional segmentation, factor analysis, lifetime value determinations, linear and logistic regression, CHAID analysis, latent class analysis, multinomial logistic regression, survival analysis, fractional factorial test design, cluster analysis, Markov Chains, econometric time series AR, MA and ARIMA modeling etc.  Experience in SAS (required), Python (required), ProgR, (required), Hadoop (preferred), SQL (preferred) and MS Office (required).  Strong knowledge of experimental / multivariate test design techniques.  Strong knowledge of 1st, 2nd and 3rd party data.  Strong management skills and a proven track record of talent development.
BA or BS degree5+ years in a data science, analytics, machine learning, or artificial intelligence-focused role5+ years of healthcare experienceWorking knowledge of healthcare data structures, taxonomy, and lifecycleWorking knowledge of machine learningWorking knowledge of Natural Language Understanding techniques.  Experience managing data, data science, reporting or machine learning products in a production environment.  The Senior Product Manager (Tech) will be responsible for visioning, scoping, and building technology products from the ground up that use data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence to enhance the clinician experience.  You will develop the strategy, vision, and roadmap for the product, creating features that provide a best-in-class clinical documentation experience.  Successful candidates will be strong, self-driven leaders who can develop compelling experiences at scale, communicate clearly and with data, prioritize effectively, and have a consistent track record of delivery.  Create the vision and roadmap with tools and systems that make our vision possible and allow us to deliver best-in-class health careIdentify opportunities, create business cases, and champion your vision to build organizational alignment around priorities, features, and capabilitiesWrite requirements and specifications to meet business requirements and drive the product development schedule from design to releasePerform supporting research and analysis for your products by gathering data, diving deep into operations and customer experiences, and prototyping solutionsWork cross-functionally with engineering, operations, and other product managers both in our organization and across Amazon to find the best solutionsPartner with UX designers to design tools that make complex workflows simple for end usersDefine, prioritize, and plan the resources needed for programs and projects to be delivered on timeManage communication of product feature/release timelines to key stakeholders.  5+ years of experience in complex technical product management and implementation5+ years of experience leading and interacting with cross-functional and dispersed teams3+ years consumer or end user-facing product experience5+ years experience managing a large scale digital product from vision to launch, as well as further iterations through every stage of the software development life cycle.  Experience delivering customer software products and services in a high-growth healthcare environment.  Proven ability to solve complex quantitative business challenges.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back-up assumptions, make recommendations, and drive actions.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated experience engaging and influencing stakeholders and executivesHigh attention to detail including precise and effective communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.  Experience in scaling new businesses.  Experience working in an agile environmentMBA or .  Masters Degree in a related field.
Shes Making an Impact gives passionate entrepreneurs a proven, powerful step-by-step system for building a profitable business and a freedom lifestyle around their gifts. The Right Person Meets 100% of The Following Requirements:Min 7 years experience working in sales departments and its a bonus if you have been in the coaching world!Youre an A-player - this means you are VERY good at what you do and figure out whatever you dont know!You never feel satisfied with your results.  Strong leadership role with the company and the sales team.  Experience:coaching industry: 2 years (Preferred)sales: 7 years (Required)Work Remotely:Yes.
 With a minimum of 10 years related high-tech experience at a division or site level with proven success linking HR strategies to business outcomes, you should demonstrate:.  Ability to build relationships and exercise influence and courage with senior management/partners and solve problems strategically.  Ability to deliver operational and strategic programs and processes across a global organization successfully.  Ability to assess an organization, identify gaps, and develop solutions in collaboration with global team members and centers of excellence such as compensation, learning and development, staffing, security and legal.  Excellent judgment and experience assessing risk relative to the business.  Experience and passion driving inclusion and diversity ideals.  Strong ability to use data and survey results to identify insights that drive action.  Experience collaborating and empowering in a global and/or matrixed organizations.
 You'll be the voice of your customers internally, suggest ways to improve their user experience and help knock down barriers to their success.  Ensure customers have a wonderful experience implementing Signal Vine and become raving fans for the platform.  Experience working with technology products and platforms.  Excellent analytical, verbal and written communication skills.  Bachelor's degree (BS/BA) from an accredited, four-year institution (or relevant work experience).
 partnered with BSM Consulting.  Supported by a team of over 450 experienced professionals, its not surprising that Wolfe Eye Clinic has achieved an incredible 4.  A unique blend of experience in healthcare and an entrepreneurial spirit.  A confident, humble, transparent communicator, experienced in building consensus on simple and complex topics alike.  A minimum of 7 years experience in an executive-level role, leading a complex medical/healthcare organization of similar size.  An advanced degree in healthcare is highly desirable.  Experience in the ophthalmology space is ideal.  Management and negotiation experience relative to third-party payer contracts.  Experience building strategic alliances within the community and healthcare industry, as a means to create strategic opportunities and advance the mission of the organization.  The BSM Consulting Recruiting Team does not utilize Artificial Intelligence to review resumes.
 Deliver a mind-blowing customer experience achieve the customer objectives:.  Proven experience working within a 3rd party originations and underwriting management environment.  Knowledge/experience to drive the creation of a systematic operational engine.  Experience leading large scale production for enterprise clients in the originations space.  Strong data analytics capabilities.  Has a reputation for absolute integrity with a proven ability to build trusted relationships.
You will have marketing and research experience and deep quantitative technical skills combined with outstanding interpersonal skills.  Knowledge, Skills and .  Experience:Essential requirementsSolid analytical experience, gained in the Healthcare industry including experience in advanced analytics techniques and application.  Experience in building, deploying, and embedding capabilities into an organisation. Solid Pharma industry experience, preferred with ex-US and US experience, making decisions on major drivers of product success, advising on drug development candidate process and Health Care environment.  Experience in Global or ex-US Pharma Industry, making decisions on major drivers of product success, advising on drug development candidate process and Health Care environment. Extensive experience utilising a range of analytics involving standard data in the Pharmaceutical Industry e.  Experience advising senior level executives, strong mentoring and problem-solving skills.  Strong ability to influence laterally and verticallyHigh degree of creativity and innovation in developing new approaches, processes and methodologies.  Strong market research and analytical expertise, excellent financial modelling and forecasting skills.  Proven ability to lead teams, influence cross-functionally and prioritise multiple, complex demands.  Strong written and verbal communicationEducational requirements:Bachelor s Degree in relevant fieldAdvanced degree preferred (e.  Masters in areas such as Statistics/Decision Sciences)Date Posted13-Feb-2020Closing DateAstraZeneca embraces diversity and equality of opportunity.
 At least 5-7 years of working experience as an EPMO Project Manager.  Proficiency in MS-Project, and other MS office suite of products (Power Point, Excel, Word, Visio)Very strong communication, presentation, relationship building and strategic planning skills.  Strong time management, goals setting and task prioritization abilities.  Proficiency in reporting project progress through dashboard presentations, project metrics, trend analysis, executive reportingWorking experience in EPMO/PMO organization structure and knows project management best practices.  Strong working exposure to Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)Working .  Experience in implementation of healthcare related projects in one or more area ?밎overnment and Blues MandatesClaims processingBPM- Business Process ModelingHealth Care Reform / Affordable Care ActInsurance Exchanges (Private or Public)Value-Based CareMembership/EnrollmentBillingPricingICD-1Portal Web ServicesData MigrationData ManagementGovernance and AnalyticsWell-developed written, verbal communication, presentation, facilitation and diplomacy skillsExhibit excellent judgment and decision makingHighly organized, results-oriented and attentive to details.  Ability to work well independently and with a team, self-motivated, proactive, independent and responsive - requires little supervisory attentionCan conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilitiesIs able to apply technical expertise across business or functional areas.
Required Skills & .  ExperienceOver 10 years of security technology experienceSSDLC implementationSecure design principlesTechnical roadmaping and architecture diagramsDesired Skills & .  Experience.  Masters degree in Information Security or related fieldEffective leadership tacticsWhat You Will Be DoingTech BreakdownThe OfferCompetitive Salary: Up to $195000/year, DOEYou will receive the following benefits:Medical, Dental, Vision and Life insurance401(k) matchedW/L balance.  Strong bonus potentialRemote OptionsApplicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future.
 Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Experience in software applications and supply chain management processes as well as working knowledge of Enterprise Resource Planning systems.  Utilizes skill set to help less experienced team members adapt.  Ability to act with little daily instruction on tasks of diverse scope.  Advanced experience creating use cases, acceptance criteria and test plans/cases.  Solid, proven experience in a procurement environment.  Strong oral & written communication skills.  Strong influence management skills.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Three (3) years of experience conducting Operations (OPS), System Administration (SYS ADMIN), and Database Management (DBM) training in support of GCCS-M and GCCS-J on-board USN Ships and Operational Command Centers.  One (1) year of experience specific to GCCS-M Increment 2, which includes researching and data-mining technical repositories (REMEDY Trouble Ticket DB) and a thorough understanding of Casualty Reports (CASREPs).  One (1) year of experience conducting OPS, SYS ADMIN, and DBM Training specific to GCCS-M GL 4.  One (1) year of experience loading, configuring, and maintaining laptops with GCCS-M GL 4.  One (1) year of experience conducting Operator, Watch Officer (WO), and System Administrator over the shoulder standup instruction, curriculum development and updates specific to GCCS-M GL 4.  You will be an even better fit is you have experience in these areas.  Three (3) years of experience conducting OPS, SYS ADMIN, and DBM training specific to GCCS-M FL and GCCS-M GL and supporting/administering/troubleshooting Navy Command and Control Systems in a Technical Capacity, to include end-to-end C4I shipboard networks, sensors, and interfaces.  Experience training in a Navy training environment; Master Training Specialist (9502 NEC) certification.  Wed expect you to have the following educational background, but appropriate experience (above) may outweigh the education requirements:.  BS Degree in a technical field is desired, or equivalent experience and/or certifications may be substituted.
 Education: BA/BS degree.  Minimum years of work experience: 8+.  Experience in a Clinical environment with experience in Revenue Cycle Billing and Coding, Clinical Quality and Compliance.  Excellent ability to communicate with Revenue Cycle Leadership at the Institutional level.  Bachelors Degree in related field.  Masters in Health Administration or MBA or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Candidates MUST have the following experience:- At least 5 years agile software development experience.  If you don't have software project management experience, please don't apply. Candidates with programming experience and experience with .  Experience:Scrum: 3 years (Preferred)Agile: 3 years (Required)Project Management: 5 years (Required)License:Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Additional Compensation:Other formsWork Location:Fully RemoteThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingAggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
ResponsibilitiesDevelop and maintain the Prenosis QMS and supporting procedures to adhere to FDA QSR/cGMP and ISO regulations (e. Establish and maintain Prenosis QMS in support of product development, design controls, risk management, and supplier management systems. Establish and maintain Prenosis QMS in support of clinical data collection and laboratory operations. Maintain knowledge of the evolving regulatory landscape for Digital Health, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies, and incorporate best practices in Tempus SDLC processes and QMS. 5+ years in Quality experience in software product development, product transfer, verification, validation under Design Controls in the life sciences industry, preferably in a FDA regulated medical device/IVD environment.  Experience and working knowledge of applicable regulations and standards: FDA QSR (21CFR Part 820), ISO 13485, IEC 62304, ISO 14971, 21CFR Part 11.  Experience in Good Laboratory Practices, CAP/CLIA regulations and procedures.  Expertise in SDLC best practices, and experience with state-of-the-art SDLC tools.  Exposure to clinical studies best practices (e.  Experience:SDLC: 1 year (Preferred)software testing: 2 years (Preferred)FDA: 2 years (Required)ISO 13485: 2 years (Required)quality assurance: 5 years (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesOther formsBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayBenefit Conditions:Only full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 At New York Presbyterian Hospital Information Technology is at the forefront of our patient experience.  Our mission is to transform the patient experience, hospital operations, and clinical outcomes for the enterprise through healthcare process and technology innovation.  Masters degree.  Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.  Three year sof previous work related experience.  Two years of Project Management experience.  Experience with system design and analysis.  Strong project management skills.
 The SDM will be responsible for improving, optimizing, standardizing, and streamlining customer support processes that yield improvements to the customer experience.  A minimum of five years of technical experience managing, maturing, and modernizing service delivery for remote and geographically dispersed users with end-to-end service delivery with a large number of locations (500+ CONUS and OCONUS desired).  Recent (within the last five years) experience with implementing SLAs and performance metrics on a contract with a large number of locations (500+ CONUS and OCONUS desired).  Experience in promoting and institutionalizing the utilization of AI (e. , virtual agents) to drive continuous improvement in business value and customer experience.  Recent experience implementing, managing, and modernizing successful self-help/self-heal services.  Experience with facilitating/coordinating cross-functional teams to develop, deliver, operationalize, document, and support solutions.  Recent experience with developing and managing a customer-focused continuous improvement program.
 You must have extensive experience in using Email, LinkedIn, CRM and be comfortable making connections via Zoom/Skype/Slack chats or calls, daily.  Excellent soft-sell skills and the ability to persuade using simple communications that convey complex concepts in a compelling, concise, and creative way- .  Ability to make focused efforts to close deals- .  Proven sales development experience, preferably at an Internet startup or in the SaaS industry- Savvy with LinkedIn sales navigator, and CRM tools- Proficient with corporate productivity and web presentation toolsJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $45,000.  Experience:IT sales: 2 years (Required)Location:San Francisco Bay Area, CA (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Strong or expert knowledge of several disciplines is a must, including Search Engine Marketing, Paid Digital Advertising, Social Media Marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Website and Landing Page Development, Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO).  Evidence of thought leadership within the industry is essential.  This is a doer/management position that includes both executing development and management of paid digital advertising programs, as well as overseeing day-to-day activities of employees and contractors, so a proven ability to deliver results through others is a must.  Expert knowledge in paid digital advertising, including all aspects of attaining strong performance, as well as sufficient knowledge about other digital marketing tactics.  Strong capabilities in people management, from identification of appropriate resources, to hiring, coaching and managing, so as to attain strong performance and a high retention rate.  Strong client relationship management and outstanding representation of company and industry in small settings and large venues, including fostering an industry-leading POV.  Strong organizational leadership and culture-building capabilities that facilitate a high performing team built on the principles of excellence and mutual support to attain outstanding, industry-leading performance.  Strong capabilities in project management, process management and all internal administrative processes that underlie a consistently strong performance. A significant plus would be very deep hands-on digital experience, previous agency ownership experience, a broad and well-seasoned business background and top tier consulting background.  All employees are required to possess a computer with the latest version of MS Windows OS & MS Office Productivity Suite, as well as sufficient internet capacity for a VoIP phone. Compensation: $75K - $90K annually FT (50-60 hrs), including performance bonus, based on skills and experience.  Expertly oversees the development of DirectiveGroup strategies, including development of tactics within domains of expertise, and subsequent authoritative presentation and implementation of these strategies that achieves targeted performance goals, within two months of start. Skills Required to Achieve SuccessDigital Marketing & AdvertisingThinks strategically about business, has strong business model understanding across multiple industries, but can connect business growth strategies to specific digital marketing programs. People Management, Leadership & Executive Management SkillsHas maturity and demonstrated managerial knowhow to oversee day-to-day activities of direct report employees, even in a virtual environment, so as to deliver superior results.  Proven effectiveness at achieving company goals through individual efforts and by leading and orchestrating the efforts of others. Client Leadership & Management SkillsMonitors attainment of performance goals of all client programs on an ongoing basis. 5+ years experience managing and leading employees, preferably virtually. 2+ years Paid Social Advertising experience with both B2B and B2C companies.  Strong business acumen and experience in communicating with Executives at larger companies and Owners/CEOs and smaller companies.  Experience within a digital marketing agency as an owner or working with larger brands as a ?쁓olutions Architect/Director or ?쁁usiness Strategist.  Strong organization skills and project management skills.  Excellent meeting facilitation skills.  Experience:Paid Digital Advertising Agency: 6 years (Required)Management : 5 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)License:Google Ads (Required)Application Question:Please provide information about digital marketing industry published works or conference presentations in last 3 years.
 Bachelors Degree in Information Technology or related field.  May consider 10+ years of related experience in lieu of degree. 쨌 Minimum 5 years of experience working with IT in a commercial environment.  Ability to adapt, learn, and perform in fast-paced environments.  Knowledge of Data integration between systems.  Knowledge of Artificial Intelligence, mathematical algorithms, Data Analytics, Data Modeling preferred쨌 .  Knowledge of SAP RD including specifications, formulas, and recipes preferred.  Experience:working with IT in commercial environment: 5 years (Required)Artificial Intelligence, mathematical algorithms, Data Analy: 5 years (Preferred)Data integration between systems: 5 years (Required)complex global projects environments: 5 years (Required)work stream leader within area of responsibility: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Cockeysville, MD (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time offProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shift8 hour shiftBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate related work experience; or a Master's degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering or a related field and 4 years of related work experience.  Must have 5 years of recent hands-on experience across advanced analytics, machine learning or artificial intelligence to solve business problems.  Must have 5 years of experience managing a team of developers, analysts, and engineers, including project management.  Must have 3 years of recent hands-on programming experience in at least 2 of the following ProgR, Python, SAS, SPSS, and/or other analytics tools and languages.  Must have 3 years of recent hands-on experience with SQL, RDMS, and modern data platforms, and Data Visualization skills using Tableau, Power BI, Spotfire, and/or D3.  Strong commitment to work/life balance.  Value customers and cultivate positive experiences: Our employees take time to build rapport with customers, while anticipating and exceeding their needs to ensure positive outcomes.
 This full-time position provides the opportunity to work with cutting-edge data science and artificial intelligence technologies under the direction of the Master of Science in Analytics program director.  This role allows for freedom to research, benchmark and implement new technologies to further the goals of the Master of Science in Analytics program.  Maintain the computing resources of the MSiA program.  Successful completion of a full 4-year course of study in an accredited college or university leading to a bachelor's or higher degree in a major such as computer science, information technology, or related; OR appropriate combination of education and experience.  Minimum Competencies: (Skills, knowledge, and abilities).  Prior database experience.  Knowledge of SQL.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Bachelors degree in computer science or related field, or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.  Experience in an academic environment.  Experience working in various operating system environments (Linux and Windows).  2-3 years of related experience.  Ability to maintain effective internal and external working relationships.  Ability to manage time efficiently and perform effectively with minimal supervision.  Demonstrated experience with analytics tools and software.
 Experience: 5.  Required Skills:1-2 years experience in a technical project management in a client-facing web environment; design/digital agency experience preferredUnderstanding of development process: development, testing, and deployment as well as work breakdown, dependencies, responsibilities.  Experience running and documenting effective meetingsAttention to detail, and verbal and written communications for technical and non-technical audiences.  Familiarity with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and other front-end web technologies.  Hands on experience is preferred.  Experience using MS Excel to perform insightful analysis and MS PowerPoint to create proposals and presentationsFluent in English.  Preferred Skills:PMP or PMI Certification is a plusInformation Architecture design is a plus.
 Ability to obtain a Public Trust clearance.  Minimum years of relevant experience: 6.  Significant experience in and ability to:.  Ability to juggle multiple tasks and responsibilities.  Experience:.  Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, applications, and tools, such as:.  Advanced proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as ProgR, Python, or SAS.  Experience supporting business development, such as responses to government solicitations (e.  Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment.  Significant experience in support of clients at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).  Skills Development & Certifications.
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  The Director, IT Business Partnering, Medical Capabilities is accountable for the effective delivery of IT capabilities and services supporting the Medical Affairs Capabilities function with specific focus on medical information and customer engagement services globally at BMS.  This is a senior role partnering with the BMS Medical Affairs Capabilities Leadership Team and the US Medical Affairs Leadership Team to define and drive digital capabilities to meet their specific strategic needs.  The BMS Medical Affairs organization collaborates with healthcare providers and decision makers globally to help patients prevail over serious diseases by advancing clinical science and enabling the appropriate adoption of our medicines.  Knows what value looks like: Understands where BMS should be competitively differentiated through technology in Medical Affairs, translates business needs into specific business requirements, sees realistic opportunities for IT to add more value, and balances this with a pragmatic understanding of fitness for purpose.  Experience, Program Management and Enterprise Architecture.  Experience.  Strong domain expertise in the application of IT to Medical Affairs, including a broad understanding of relevant Medical Affairs business capabilities (medical inquiry management, medical insights, publications, digital medical information communication, scientific content management etc.  10+ years experience in leadership roles in Pharmaceuticals IT for Medical Affairs or Commercial functions.  Experience in driving digital capabilities to enhance external customer experience.  Experience of large-scale SaaS deployments, and how to work with SaaS partners ensure maximum value and effectiveness.  Experience of maximizing value from enterprise IT platforms, including Veeva and salesforce.  Ability to drive strategic connections between Medical Affairs, Commercial and Clinical Development functions with an enterprise mindset and reimagine digital capabilities.  Seasoned line and matrix management skills, with a particular emphasis on energizing and developing experienced IT professionals spread across multiple functions.  Excellent collaboration, communication and presentation skills.  Requires BS, MBA is strongly preferred.
 Each of our partners share our passion for building deeper connections and seamless experiences to inspire the world and create the future.  Qualifications:BA/BS in public relations, communications, journalism, marketing or related field.  8+ years of progressive experience in corporate communications and PR (traditional, digital, social and print media; reputation management; crisis communications; internal communications), ideally in-house.  Must have technology experience and understanding of startups and startup culture.  Experience building executive thought leadership platforms.
 Technical depth and previous hands on experience is strongly desired (preferably in Integration technologies but not mandatory).  Familiarity with on-premises as well as multi-tenant cloud architectures, security, user interface, agile development methodologies is a plus.  We also prefer you have experience in Application Integration for Oracle and/or third-party Cloud/On-premises applications as well as the emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) space applied to Integration.  Your experience should translate quickly into the evolving differentiation of these capabilities within Oracles Integration Portfolio.  5+ years experience in technology product management.  Proven track record of successful software product delivery.  Strong understanding of enterprise software and cloud computing with practical and deep hands-on experience in iPaaS, SaaS and/or SOA products.  Strong understanding and/or practical experience with AI/ML technologies and trends.  Strong understanding of integrating with complex enterprise applications and integration frameworks/interfaces.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work with a geographically distributed team.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 The GPU has also proven to be unbelievably effective at solving some of the most complex problems in computer science.  BA/BS degree from a leading university in a Finance, Accounting, Economics or Business related field or relevant experience.  12+ years of experience in business strategy, finance or analytics.  6+ years of managing experience.  Advanced Excel skills essential as well as experience with visualization tools ie Tableau.  Meaningful experience in financial analysis and business modeling in the high tech industry.  Experience collaborating across a large organization to inspire change.
DetailsThe Senior Manager, Innovation is focused on improving client experience through internal and external innovations. Skills and .  Experience.  Bachelors degree required; advanced degree or legal/consulting experience preferredTenacious focus on adding value for clients.  Proven track record of innovation, preferably with experience in legal or consulting services.  Ability to champion innovation to a wide range of technical and non-technical audiences, including teaching, coaching, and mentoring junior staffLong-term vision, with ability to plan and execute shorter-term solutionsPersonable with excellent communication skillsEqual Employment Opportunity/M/F/disability/protected veteran statusJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $75,000.  Experience:leadership level: 1 year (Preferred)innovation: 1 year (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Houston, TX 77010 (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offParental leaveProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementOtherThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedInnovative -- innovative and risk-takingSchedule:Monday to FridayOvertimeCompany's website:www.
 If you like making an impact, helping others, taking a fresh look at processes and tools, furthering an open an innovative culture and tend to generally look at even the smallest task in the context of how it impacts the overall organization ??we should talk!What is this role?SDL Research is currently looking to hire a Program Manager to join our organization and help us evolve our proven record of Machine Translation innovation and success in delivering cutting edge Linguistic Artificial Intelligence technology to our valued customers. The perfect candidate is a service-minded self-starter with excellent organization, communication and adaptability skills that is experienced in project and program management, can collaborate with multiple teams and managers simultaneously and has an affinity for process and team productivity improvement.  Excellent communication skills (oral and written)Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, Outlook and SharePointUnderstanding of Agile frameworks and experience with Agile project management softwarePreferred Qualifications: .  Bachelors degree or master degree in the field of operations, linguistics or strategyUnderstanding of NLP (Natural Language Processing) principles and hands-on experience with machine translation.  Experience with creation and implementation of scaled processes and operations.  Proven stakeholder management skills.  Ability to analyze data and present metrics in order to facilitate decision makingHigh attention to detail and excellent ability to accommodate competing priorities in a fast-paced working environment.  Ability to thrive and constantly perform while working to facilitate, support and monitor research and development effortsBenefits: Amazing benefits.  Experience:project management or program management: 2 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Benefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offSchedule:Monday to Friday.
Essential Functions: Manage Service Level Agreements and contracts for a multiple site enterprise help desk environments Provide Management Plan for multiple sitesProvide interface and be responsive to overall contract administrationParticipate in meetings regarding service delivery, strategic planning, and IT transition planningAssist in developing, planning and implementation of Configuration, Asset, and Change managementEstablish controls for reporting and managing service level agreements for Tier I, II, and III Help DeskPerform trend analysis so that resources/services could be aligned to meet SLAMonitor performance and service delivery metrics and initiate plans for exceeding targetsPerform risk assessment and risk mitigation strategiesEnsure that effective communication and problem management occurs at and between all support tiersManage customer experiences from client cultivation, through sale, through project management, and providing ongoing support. Drive consistency of effort in utilizing the tools and training provided to deliver world-class customer experience in our professional solutions offerings.  Masters Degree preferredITIL Foundations in Service Management (preferred)HDI Manager Certification - required within 90 business days of hirePMI PMP ??required within 120 days of hire.  Knowledge Requirements: Incident ManagementProblem ManagementChange ManagementCritical thinking skillsActive listening skills and effective communication strategiesEnterprise ticketing application experience ??ServiceNow or BMC Remedy Service Management experience preferredProcess improvement knowledge (e.  Experience: Three (3)+ years hands-on experience acting in the role of client delivery / project manager for multiple enterprise Information Technology (Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3) Operations environment customer accounts, managing all activities from the contract initiation, liaison for communication, escalation, change control, and customer satisfaction processes between technical staff and client.  Experience:customer service: 3 years (Preferred)Project Management: 3 years (Preferred)IT Service Management: 3 years (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedSchedule:Monday to Friday.
 The Technical Project Manager will own & drive customer implementations as well as manage the ongoing customer experience, including leading follow-on implementation work.  Conduct periodic business reviews with customers to communicate value delivered, understand the customer experience, and identify new opportunities.  Experience with implementation software in a SaaS environment is a plus.  Excellent project management skills with the ability to develop an implementation plan and successfully manage it.  Experience implementing business intelligence tools as, MicroStrategy, Cognos, Oracle BI, Yellowfin, Birst, Tableau, Spotfire, QlikView, Informatica is strongly preferred.  Familiarity with clinical trial data and SQL is strongly preferred.  Excellent understanding of common industry-standard business practices as related to clinical trials (Study Startup, Clinical Operations, Data Management, Reporting).  Proven track record of driving customer success and operating at the executive and department levels within complex customer environments.  Experience delivering analytical solutions.  Experience.  5 + years of experience working directly with customers, preferably leading implementations or owning the customer relationship.  3 + years of experience at one of the following strongly preferred: clinical software vendor, clinical research organization, pharma, biotech, or medical device organization.
You have experience working with and implementing Enterprise/SaaS applicationsYou have domain expertise around Clinical Trials (Recruitment, Study startup, CRO management, Site and Medical Monitoring, Trial Closure, Database Lock) and Clinical Trial systemsFamiliar with CDISC standards such as SDTM and mapping disparate data to an SDTM structure. Familiar with Data Governance, Master Data Management, and Data Quality processes/concepts.  Required Skills.  BS/BA degree or equivalent in a relevant scientific discipline with a minimum of five years experienceSound knowledge on various database conceptsAdvanced level - Database debugging and troubleshooting.  Knowledge of SQL and PostgreSQL, PythonDetailed knowledge of clinical database design (Rave, Oracle Clinical or Inform), proficiency with SAS data sets and conversion procedures, knowledge of MS Office program suite.  Knowledge of clinical trial design and basic statistics (a plus).
 7+ years of experience with increasing experience and responsibilities as a product marketing manager in digital health (e.  Proven experience working with clinical value propositions and communications/messaging to champions and decision makers of clinical IT solution.  Strong understanding of digital technologies, AI, ML, mobile and web etc.  Experience launching multiple digital / health products.  Experience driving stakeholder alignment across a diverse organization, influencing through persuasive written and verbal communication.  Excellent English in writing and spoken is a must.
 BS in computer science, statistics, data science, or related field with 7+ years of relevant experience required.  MS in computer science, statistics, data science, or related field with 4+ years of relevant experience required.  MS is preferred.  Intermediate-level proficiency in SAS, ProgR, python, shell scripting or other programming languages.  Ability to effectively communicate complex analytical and technical concepts with clarity, both written and oral.  Programming certifications and proficiency in multiple programming languages desirable.  Familiarity with various programming paradigms and IT system architectures desirable.  Experienced.
 Strong or expert knowledge of several disciplines is a must, including Search Engine Marketing, Paid Digital Advertising, Social Media Marketing, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Website and Landing Page Development, Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO).  This is a doer/management position that includes both executing development and management of paid digital advertising programs, as well as overseeing day-to-day activities of employees and contractors, so a proven ability to deliver results through others is a must.  Expert knowledge in paid digital advertising, including all aspects of attaining strong performance, as well as sufficient knowledge about other digital marketing tactics.  Strong capabilities in people management, from identification of appropriate resources, to hiring, coaching and managing, so as to attain strong performance and a high retention rate.  Strong client relationship management and outstanding representation of company and industry in small settings and large venues, including fostering an industry-leading POV.  Strong organizational leadership and culture-building capabilities that facilitate a high performing team built on the principles of excellence and mutual support to attain outstanding, industry-leading performance.  Strong capabilities in project management, process management and all internal administrative processes that underlie a consistently strong performance. A significant plus would be very deep hands-on digital experience, previous agency ownership experience, a broad and well-seasoned business background and top tier consulting background.  All employees are required to possess a computer with the latest version of MS Windows OS & MS Office Productivity Suite, as well as sufficient internet capacity for a VoIP phone. Compensation: $75K - $90K annually FT (50-60 hrs), including performance bonus, based on skills and experience.  Expertly oversees the development of DirectiveGroup strategies, including development of tactics within domains of expertise, and subsequent authoritative presentation and implementation of these strategies that achieves targeted performance goals, within two months of start. Skills Required to Achieve SuccessDigital Marketing & AdvertisingThinks strategically about business, has strong business model understanding across multiple industries, but can connect business growth strategies to specific digital marketing programs. People Management, Leadership & Executive Management SkillsHas maturity and demonstrated managerial knowhow to oversee day-to-day activities of direct report employees, even in a virtual environment, so as to deliver superior results.  Proven effectiveness at achieving company goals through individual efforts and by leading and orchestrating the efforts of others. Client Leadership & Management SkillsMonitors attainment of performance goals of all client programs on an ongoing basis. 5+ years experience managing and leading employees, preferably virtually. 2+ years Paid Social Advertising experience with both B2B and B2C companies.  Strong business acumen and experience in communicating with Executives at larger companies and Owners/CEOs and smaller companies.  Experience within a digital marketing agency as an owner or working with larger brands as a ?쁓olutions Architect/Director or ?쁁usiness Strategist.  Strong organization skills and project management skills.  Excellent meeting facilitation skills.  Experience:Management : 5 years (Required)Paid Digital Advertising Program Management: 6 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)License:Google Ads and Bing (Required)Application Question:Please provide information about digital marketing industry published works or conference presentations in last 3 years.
 Expert responsible for overseeing the banks risk-taking activities.  Experience in the design and implementation of Sanctions technology.  Experience in managing regulatory exams and relationships with examiners, auditors, etc.  Excellent written, verbal and analytical skills.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills; strong presentation skills with the ability to articulate complex problems and solutions through concise and clear messaging.  Ability to interact and communicate effectively with senior leaders.  Experience in the design and implementation of Compliance programs.  Ability to influence and lead people across cultures at a senior level using sound judgment and successful execution, understanding how to operate effectively across diverse businesses.  Experience with and previous exposure to internal or external control functions and regulators (incl.  Ability to challenge business management and escalate issues when appropriate.  Strong track record of effectively assessing and managing competing priorities.  Experience managing diverse teams, and comfort navigating complex, highly-matrixed organizations.  Strong presentation and relationship management skills are essential.  Bachelors Degree; experience in compliance, legal or other control-related function in the financial services firm, regulatory organization, or legal/consulting firm, or a combination thereof; previous experience managing a diverse team; Advanced degree a plus.  Experience with one or more of the following tools/areas: SAS, Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning (ML), Computational Linguistics, SQL, Oracle, ProgR, and/or Statistics.
 Leveraging digital technologies such as automation, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, analytics and cloud, in combination with a fundamental redesign of the scientific user experience, Accenture Scientific Informatics Services helps organizations better capture, manage, integrate and analyze complex scientific data.  Overall accountability for the resources and activities within medium to large size projects for LIMS or other lab systems implementation.  4 Year degree in an applicable field.  2 Years of experience leading small to medium size Laboratory Informatics projects.  2 Years of experience working in regulated environments.  2 Years of experience implementing enterprise laboratory information management systems (LIMS, ELN).  2 years of experience implementing technology under a defined corporate and compliant methodology.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Excellent organizational skills.  3 Years of consulting experience.  Expert understanding of computer and application architecture, technology, and validation.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Advanced degree in a related field.  Expert negotiation skills.
 Strong demonstrated experience developing community partnerships and engagements for applying scientific research to practice.  Ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner.  Strong theoretical knowledge of environmental hazards and sustainability, attained through a graduate degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of experience/education.  In-depth knowledge of GIS software, applications programming, database administration, user interface and experience design and web application development.  Excellent knowledge of GIS systems.  Experience with open source GIS tools such as GDAL, and GIS formats including Shapefiles, GeoJSON, and GeoTIFF.  Experience with the synthesis and analysis of data for research, scientific visualization, and related public policy management issues.  Advanced demonstrated research experience with a focus on interdisciplinary and spatial data science research methods with scientific visualization using GIS and remote sensing.  Must have access to reliable transportation.
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biology or a related discipline.  8+ years of experience in the Data Science and /or Digital Health space in a company ranging from start-ups to consulting firms with established Data Science practices or large Fortune 500 companies.  Experience in product management and leadership experience to design and execute on high impact data science projects / platforms.  Proven project leadership in complicated context, able to influence and engage the strategic and technical partners.  Proven track record of partnership and leading in a matrix organization.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and written skills.  Familiarity with drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining.  Experience with visualization software/tools such as ProgR, Spotfire, Tableau, etc.
 Form and lead a team that has extensive experience in a high-performance machine learning system and real-time system.  10 Years of related experience in Autonomous Vehicle on-board software.  Experience.  Ability to work in San Diego, CA (opening Mountain View office in 2021).  Advanced degree in AI or related preferred.
 Bachelor's degree or above in relevant majors (engineering fields preferred).  Excellent skills in Project Management.  Familiarity with Jira and/or other PM tools.  Excellent communication, organization, and coordination skills.  Proven ability to work under hard deadlines in a fast-paced environment.  Strong planning and execution abilities.  Strong logical thinking skills.  Strong risk management skills.  2 to 5+ years of experience in technical Project Management role within the automotive industry.  BS Degree in an engineering discipline is required.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills including ability to work in a cross-functional environment, communicate with all levels of an organization.  Ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, production, upper management and supply chain personnel.
 Demonstrated experience leading physicians in a clinical context.  Demonstrated experience driving innovation in a healthcare context.  Proven ability to advocate on behalf of physicians across a multidisciplinary organization.  Experience with telemedicine is a plus.
 We are looking for an experienced sales or business development professional who can create awareness and establish thought leadership for CG products used in targeted applications and vertical markets such as cloud, telecom, enterprise and Embedded.  Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related plus 10 years of industry work experience, or a Master's degree Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related plus 8 years of industry work experience, or PhD in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or related field plus 2 years of industry work experience.  10+ years of experience in sales support which include business plan development, account planning, account management, technology mapping to business issues, sales pitch and demo delivery.  10+ years of experience in business development activities which include messaging, competitive and market segment analysis, account penetration planning, direct sales, and technical leadership.  10+ years of experience and understanding of communication/networking markets and Ethernet products.
8+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a productBachelor's Degree.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a product.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Alexa AI is looking for a product leader to set the strategic direction and shape the roadmap for conversational experiences.  We build the foundational Artificial Intelligence technology that powers Alexas ability to understand and act on human language and we partner with multiple Amazon business units across the company to enable AI and computer vision driven customer experiences.  As a Principal Product Manager-Technical, you will own defining the strategy and core value proposition, and delivering a product roadmap for conversational AI experiences using our new technology to deliver maximum impact for customers.  Innovate on behalf of our customersIdentify market opportunities and drive product strategy, roadmap, and featuresManage the product life cycle from strategic planning to tactical executionLead the functional design and product experiencePrioritize engineering work and balance the requirements of customers and stakeholdersDefine and execute the go-to-market plan, working to insure that marketing and sales have what they need to be successfulEvangelize the product both internally and externallyInteract with customers to identify needs, opportunities, and gaps, and solve problemsWork with key stakeholders in the company to support sales, account management, operations, and customer support.  Masters of Business AdministrationAn understanding of core techniques in spoken language understanding.  Experience managing people.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proven track record driving innovation on behalf of both enterprises and consumersExceptional customer focus.  Experience delivering technology products/services in a high growth environment with a demonstrated ability to translate customer needs into business and product requirementsBroad range of skills from high level strategic thinking to creative and detailed execution.
 We need a proven and highly capable expert in data science and AI/ML to lead our growing analytics team and continue delivering valuable solutions and insights to our defense and intelligence customers.  Required Skills:.  BS or BA degree, preferably in data analytics, statistics, computer science or another directly relevant field.  At least five years of data analytics experience in a consulting or professional services role, including expert skills in artificial intelligence, model development and sustainment, machine learning, data visualization, statistics, and data science.  At least five years of experience in data strategy, architecture and management, including expert skills in database architecture and development, data management and data wrangling.  At least five years of experience developing and integrating solutions using tools such as Python, ProgR, Elasticsearch, Splunk, Apache Spark, Tableau, or PowerBI.  Expert skills in conducting and leading large, complex analytical projects for Federal government customers, including developing and delivering comprehensive reports, dashboards, presentations and other analytical deliverables.  Excellent written and presentation skills, including the ability to successfully communicate complex technical, mathematical, and scientific information to business leaders.  Desired Skills:.  Masters degree in data science, computer science, statistics or another relevant field.  Experience leading and executing data projects in DoD environment (highly desirable).  Expertise in business development support, solution architecture, and proposal development.  Strong software development background in general purpose languages such as Java, C#, Python, Go, Julia, C, C++, Rust, etc.  Experience with Robotic Process Automation (RPA).
 Requires 12 to 15 years with BS/BA or 10 to 13 years with MS/MA or 7 to 9 years with Ph.  in Computer Science with 15+ years relevant experience in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning.  Experience in writing proposals for Government funding (e.  Ability and desire to quickly acquire knowledge of new subject matter areasU.
Do you enjoy providing technology inputs and technical leadership for design, development and delivery of clinical product and services? Do you have experience leading technical implementations for various clinical products and robust teams for the utilization management and adjudication products? We are looking for a Quality Application Development Manager with those skills and experiences in mind.  Having strong and open communication, sharing ideas and experiences, driving engagement, and actively involving people will set you up for success.  5+ years of experience in PBM, managed care or Healthcare and driving process re-engineering, operations improvement and automation initiatives.  3+ years of demonstrated leadership experience, coaching and mentoring high performing teams.  2+ years Healthcare consulting experience.  Experience in the development and management of an annual budget, including financial analysis.  Experience leading teams linked to benefit operations in the requirements and configuration for PBM implementations or similar field within a healthcare/PBM industry.  Bachelor's Degree Required.  We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success.  In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.  We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
Two or more years of concurrent experience with the following responsibilities:.  Experience with WorkFusion (RPA Core/ RPA Desktop, Web/RPA Developer/Machine Learning Engineer).  Experience with XML, XSL/XSLT, REST/Web Services, SQL, and relational database experience.  Desired Skills and .  Experience:. NET or Java programming experience within enterprise IT environment;Direct experience with RPA programming using Workfusion would be a plus;Solid understanding and experience using Microsoft Office, including the ability to read Excel macros to translate them into RPA solutions and/or integrations;.  Experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning, Text Analytics, Natural Language Processing (NLP) would be a plus;Attention to details and ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment;High level of independence but can also work effectively in a self-organizing team.  Organization BSv.
 USfalcon is seeking an experienced Performance and Metrics Lead in direct support of the Department of the Navys (DON) Special Assistant for Information (SAIM)/Chief Information Officer (CIO) located at the Pentagon in Arlington, VA.  Required Skills:.  Minimum of 10-15 years of experience working in support of a DoD Service or Joint headquarters staff or equivalent.  Expert knowledge of industry accepted standards and best practices related to performance management.  Knowledge of performance management of large organizations.  Demonstrated experience planning, directing, and managing tasks.  Demonstrated experience in conducting subject matter research and preparing research analysis documentation.  Demonstrated experience in process development and improvement.  Desired Skills:.  Masters Degree from an accredited college or university.  Excellent written and oral communication skills and experience developing and presenting complex information to senior Government officials using Microsoft Office Suite applications.  Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university or equivalent.
 We build our own products and release them with a speed and agility that allows us to get new customer experiences to market quickly.  Plus, youll be given time to support the next generation of technologists by volunteering with youth programs like Capital One Coders - our engineer-led experience that teaches middle school students in underserved communities how to code.  Youll work with a team of developers with deep experience in machine learning, distributed microservices, and full stack systems.  Youll collaborate with digital product managers, and deliver robust cloud-based solutions to drive powerful experiences that help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment.  You are passionate about current state-of-the-art software technologies and tools, with experience implementing them effectively.  You are passionately focused on the customer and the details that make their experience exceptional.  At least 5 years of experience in application development.  At least 2 years of experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper).  Master's Degree.  8+ years of experience in application development.  2+ years of experience with Agile engineering practices.  5+ years of experience developing Java based software solutions.  5+ years of experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell).  5+ years of experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems.  5+ years of experience with UNIX/Linux.  5+ years of experience providing technical leadership on relevant applications.  2-years of experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink,.  2+ years of experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud.  2+ years of experience with Ansible / Terraform.  1+ years in-depth experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive and, Hbase).  1+ years of experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo and Cassandra).  At least 1 year of people management experience.
 In addition, CERC works with sponsors and national collaborators on its bright spots and human experience research.  Bachelor of Arts degree in an applicable social science related field and two years applicable experience, or combination of education and experience in an applicable social science.  Strong analytical skills and excellent judgment.  Ability to work under deadlines with general guidance.  Excellent organizational skills and demonstrated ability to complete detailed work accurately.  Ability to work with human study participants.  Interpersonal Skills: .
 Bachelor's degree in Business, Human Resources, or related field.  Master's degree preferred.  Ten or more total years of experience in recruiting and/or marketing responsibilities with an emphasis on recruiting and/or human resources technologies.  Five or more total years of experience in strategy or managing recruitment marketing programs and systems or workforce development programs.  Knowledge Skills, and Abilities:.  Knowledge and proficiency with recruiting software/systems, including CRM and CMS, bots, artificial intelligence tools and analytics.  Knowledge of recruitment marketing with emphasis on digital strategies.  Knowledge of social media platforms and backend operations.  Knowledge of recruiting methodologies.  Experience with selection, implementation of recruiting platforms and associated successful marketing campaigns.  Ability to plan and manage multiple deliverables within multiple projects.  Ability to manage staff.  Ability to analyze complex technical data and formulate logical and objective solutions.  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships and interact with persons of diverse backgrounds and skill levels.  Knowledge and proficiency with Microsoft Office and project management software.  Ability to effectively delegate tasks.
 This position requires strong leadership and technical skills in submarine acoustics.  Additional skills in software system architecting and enterprise application integration would be beneficial.  The Senior Acoustic Technical Lead has prior experience in detection and classification of various signals using current submarine systems and an understanding of the design/architecture/concept of AI/ML systems and use of cloud solutions.  Required Skills:.  BA/BS degree in Computer Science/Engineering or a related Science/Information Technology field.  4 years of experience with acoustic detection and classification systems used by the US Navy.  Knowledge of cloud architecture, cloud-based solutions and migrating existing workloads to the cloud, preferably on Azure or AWS.  Demonstrated cross-functional team collaboration skills in a rapidly changing, high intensity, mission-oriented work environment.  Experience leading and collaborating with third party vendors.  Experience developing Architecture and Data Flow Diagrams using graphing programs (e.  Familiarity with Windows and Linux operating systems.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to travel (10%) to mostly CONUS locations.  Ability to quickly grasp and implement new technologies.  Desired Skills:.  Master's degree in Acoustics/Computer Science or a related technical field.  Experience as an Acoustic Intelligence (ACINT) specialist.  Experience utilizing containerization technologies (e.  Experience with DevSecOps frameworks.  Experience utilizing big data and cloud tools and technologies.  Experience working with Cloud Technologies (Azure, GCP, AWS).  Experience working with Department of Defense organizations or performers.
 Experience:.  At least 8 years of relevant professional experience, including 5 years in software product management.  Experience in enterprise software is a plus.  Proven experience in data science, natural language processing (NLP), machine learning (ML), artificial intelligence (AI) and/or analytics.  Must be experienced at working iteratively in an agile or lean environment, and able to break down large problems into smaller valuable increments.  Must excel working self-directed, within a fast-paced incubator-like environment ??individually, in small teams, or across functional groups.  Domain experience in systems engineering, particularly in regulated industries, is a plus - Our customers build life-critical hardware/software systems.
 Experience Required:.  2 years senior analytic experience with human resources information systems and HR analytics.  1 year experience managing teams or leading complex team projects.  Education and Certifications Required:.  Bachelors degree in Business, HR or related discipline or 3 years of HRIS experience would be considered in lieu of degree.  Specialized Skills & .  Advanced proficiency with core HR and talent management technologies, an expert user of excel and report writer functionality (Workday is highly preferred).
 As a team lead, you will:Manage the successful execution and implementation of Skyview at the Raptor Integration Lab at Hill AFBBuild strong customer relationships and assure the Intrinsic product team exceeds client expectations everydayProvide Product Owner leadership to an Agile software development team, translating end user needs to delivered product featuresAssure team delivery of high-quality product features ahead of scheduleWork within an experienced continuous delivery and automated test software development teamFind comfort in shaping client expectations and providing overall direction in a dynamic and adaptable programMinimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent practical experience15+ years of relevant work experience in software development and/or Air Force 5th generation aircraft programs.  Proven experience leading and managing product teams or major programs with Profit and Loss responsibilitiesUS Citizenship with a Secret clearancePreferred qualifications: .  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science, or other technical related field5+ years of relevant work experience in software test, or 5th-gen aircraft program/operating experience.  Familiarity with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices10+ years relevant work or operational experience in the U.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging ServicesDelivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate ScaleSolving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $165,000.  Experience:relevant: 10 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Hill AFB, UT 84056 (Required)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 As a team lead, you will:Manage the successful execution and implementation of Skyview at the Software Integration Lab at Hill AFBBuild strong customer relationships and assure the Intrinsic product team exceeds client expectations everydayProvide Product Owner leadership to an Agile software development team, translating end user needs to delivered product featuresAssure team delivery of high-quality product features ahead of scheduleWork within an experienced continuous delivery and automated test software development teamShape client expectations and provide overall direction in a dynamic and adaptable programMinimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Engineering or relevant field, or equivalent practical experience10+ years of relevant work experience in software development and/or Air Force 5th-generation aircraft programs.  Proven experience leading and managing product teams or major programsUS Citizenship with a Secret clearancePreferred qualifications: .  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field10+ years of relevant work experience in software test, or 5th gen or higher program/operating experience.  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices5+ years relevant work or operational experience in the U.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging ServicesDelivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate ScaleSolving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $135,000.  Experience:relevant: 10 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Hill AFB, UT 84056 (Required)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 As a team member, you will:Architect, design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacksWork on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environmentInterface with Product Owners and client stakeholders to refine delivery requirements and solutionsDeliver high quality product features exceeding client expectationsWork within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environmentFind comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing teamMinimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to architect product solutions and lead development teams.  Proven experience creating production grade Kubernetes configurationsCI/CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with significant understanding of Automated TestSoftware development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: hardware test orchestration, on-device testing, edge computing, distributed and parallel systems, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently.  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 5+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies5+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service oriented architecture experience5+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging ServicesDelivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate ScaleSolving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $130,000.  Experience:relevant: 10 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Boise, ID (Preferred)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 As a team member, you will:Architect, design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacksWork on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environmentInterface with Product Owners and client stakeholders to refine delivery requirements and solutionsDeliver high quality product features exceeding client expectationsWork within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environmentFind comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing teamMinimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to architect product solutions and lead development teams.  Proven experience creating production grade Kubernetes configurationsCI/CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with significant understanding of Automated TestSoftware development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: hardware test orchestration, on-device testing, edge computing, distributed and parallel systems, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently.  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 5+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies5+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service oriented architecture experience5+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging ServicesDelivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate ScaleSolving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $130,000.  Experience:relevant: 10 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Hill AFB, UT (Preferred)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 A Bachelor's Degree in Business, Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science or the equivalent.  A minimum of 3-5+ Years' experience managing software implementation projects.  SaaS/PaaS implementation experience.  Excellent business communication, organizational and project management skills.  Strong computer skills.  Excellent time management and decision-making skills.
 A minimum of seven years of management experience using ITIL/ITSM frameworks for a Federal Government contract(s) of similar size, scope, and complexity to the requirements of this TO.  Recent (within last five years), experience coordinating with an organizations shift, similar to GSA, toward implementing and executing modern IT delivery methodologies (e.  Experience utilizing metrics and data in order to drive program strategy.  Experience implementing SLAs and performance metrics on a contract of similar size, scope, and complexity.  Experience managing a program in a Cost Plus Award Fee environment.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent and 10+ years of experience.  Experience:.  Experience with continuous integration and build systems, and deployment of automated tests to a continuous integration environment using Jenkins or similar tools.  Experience and knowledge: Docker, Kubernetes, Red Hat OpenShift, JBehave, Selenium, and Java.  Experience developing and supporting Oracle Databases and Applications.  Experience working with Open Source tools and an active GitHub account preferred.  Experience working on Department of the Army software development projects.
tech) is dedicated to providing small, medium, and large enterprises with advanced MSP and IT engineering solutions. The role is suitable for someone with 2 years minimum selling experience in enterprise or B2B software-as-a-service (SaaS) business. Top characteristics and traits of a successful candidate:2-5 years experience as a quota-carrying sales representative and/or sales prospecting experience in an SDR role.  Ability to speak confidently with CEOs, CFOs, VPBasic understanding of marketing funnel stages (ie: Awareness, Consideration, Decision) and the associated needs of prospects at each stage.  Ability to work on-premise or fully remote within a modern tech stack of cloud-based sales toolsGenuine customer empathy with knowledge of customer pain points and desired outcomes (ideally this is supported by your company to bring the rep up to speed so theyre conversant in the world of your target audience)Organized and strong time management skills using an online calendar system.  Excellent written & verbal communication.  Ability to follow a sales process and provide feedback on ways to improve itA sense of urgency and persistenceResponsibilities:Respond to prospects via LinkedIn messenger and emailSet appointments on a weekly basis with prospective customers using online booking systemMeet prospective customers online using a two-step sales process (first call is trust building, rapport and qualification.  Experience:sales: 1 year (Preferred)Additional Compensation:CommissionBonusesWork Location:One locationBenefits:NoneSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shiftCompany's website:https://katalism.
 BS with 12+ years relevant experience.  MS with 10+ years relevant experience.  with 7+ years of relevant experience.  Should also have sales (support) experience.
 Bachelor's degree preferred.  8-10 years related work experience required.  Strong knowledge of clinical workflows.  2-3 years of experience in management clinical applications development.  Ability to make decisions that are guided by precedents, policies and objectives.  Ability to address problems that are highly varied, complex and often non-recurring, requiring staff input, innovative, creative, and Lean diagnostic techniques to resolve issues.  Ability to set goals and determines how to accomplish defined results with some guidelines.  Ability to summarize and communicate in English moderately complex information in varied written formats to internal and external customers.  Ability to comprehend and communicate complex verbal information in English to medical center staff, patients, families and external customers.  Ability to demonstrate in-depth knowledge of concepts, practices and policies with the ability to use them in complex varied situations.  Ability to lead collaborative teams for larger projects or groups both internal and external to the Medical Center and across functional areas.  Ability to provide a high level of customer service and staff training to meet customer service standards and expectations for the assigned unit(s).
 This leader must be a highly motivated, proven sales executive with a track record of growing business relationships in complex situations at Tier 1 customers.  Proven track record of exceeding software sales revenue/business plans.  Excellent leadership skills with a proven ability to motivate, attract, develop and maintain a high performance sales team.  Proven ability to build and maintain strong relationships with executive decision-makers.  Excellent critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills.  Excellent communications and presentations skills.
 As a team member, you will:Architect, design and build applications using cloud native (AWS, GCP, and Azure) and containerized technology stacksWork on a delivery team consisting of both internal and external software engineers in an Agile environmentInterface with Product Owners and client stakeholders to refine delivery requirements and solutionsDeliver high quality product features exceeding client expectationsWork within a robust continuous delivery and automated test software development environmentFind comfort in working on a dynamic, adaptable, and high performing teamMinimum qualifications: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or similar technical field, or equivalent practical experience. 10+ years of relevant work experience in software development, with ability to architect product solutions and lead development teams.  Proven experience creating production grade Kubernetes configurationsCI/CD and DevSecOps pipeline development experience, with significant understanding of Automated TestSoftware development experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Java, C/C++, C#, Objective C, Python, JavaScript, or Go.  Experience with Git in a team environment.  Experience working with two or more from the following: hardware test orchestration, on-device testing, edge computing, distributed and parallel systems, developing large software systems, or security software development.  Ability to speak and write English fluently.  Masters degree, Doctorate's degree, or further education in Engineering, Computer Science or other technical related field. 5+ years of relevant work experience in software CI/CD, software automated testing, and containerization strategies5+ years of software development experience, with emphasis on embedded hardware and software applications3+ years web application, API-driven, service oriented architecture experience5+ years of Cloud microservices architecture development with understanding of delivering products to market (Cloud technologies should include AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, EC2, Cognito, Google Firebase, Google Cloud Functions, Azure DocumentDB, Azure Functions, Auth0).  Experience working with Agile, Lean and/or Continuous Delivery approaches and best practices, such as Extreme Programming (XP)Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Expertise: Building Applications with Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Remote Storage and Chat Messaging ServicesDelivering Enterprise Level Solutions at a Corporate ScaleSolving complex business challenges with leading edge technology platforms is what we do, and our team has unique experience in what makes them work effectivelyJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $130,000.  Experience:relevant: 10 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Bellevue, WA (Preferred)Security Clearance Required:Secret (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offFlexible scheduleProfessional development assistanceThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
Developing and managing a data analysis team by providing ongoing development, mentoring, and strong learning experiences that compliment both individual and corporate objectives. Education and work experience.  Masters Level Qualification, in Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering or related discipline is strongly preferred. Minimum 8 years of progressive experience in the development and management of quality systems with a minimum of 5 years of developing, coaching and leading professionals.  Strong people management skills with the ability to positively influence and lead a team.  Experience in instilling organization change to drive Quality practices at all levels of the organization while balancing the needs of the business to focus on aggressive growth in a dynamic market.  Experience:Director Level: 5 years (Required)Engineer Team Leadership: 5 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationMultiple locationsBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offRelocation assistanceThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyA good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayWeekends requiredDay shiftNight shiftOtherCompany's website:www.
Developing and managing a data analysis team by providing ongoing development, mentoring, and strong learning experiences that compliment both individual and corporate objectives. Performing other duties as requiredEducation and work experienceUniversity-level degree in Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering or related discipline. Candidate must possess a track record of success and leadership in Quality or related engineering disciplineMinimum 8 years of progressive experience in the development and management of quality systems with a minimum of 5 years of developing, coaching, and leading professionals.  Strong people management skills with the ability to positively influence and lead a team.  Experience in instilling organization change to drive quality practices at all levels of the organization while balancing the needs of the business to focus on aggressive growth in a dynamic market.  Experience:Quality Engineer: 8 years (Required)Application Question:How many years of people management experience do you have?Additional Compensation:BonusesBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insurancePaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:http://www.
 Strong proven experience developing community partnerships and engagements for applying scientific research to practice.  Ability to communicate technical information in a clear and concise manner.  Thorough theoretical knowledge of environmental hazards and sustainability, attained through a graduate degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of experience/education.  In-depth knowledge of GIS software, applications programming, database administration, user interface and experience design and web application development.  Experience with open source GIS tools such as GDAL, and GIS formats including Shapefiles, GeoJSON, and GeoTIFF.  Demonstrated experience with the synthesis and analysis of data for research, scientific visualization, and related public policy management issues.  Advanced demonstrated research experience with a focus on interdisciplinary and spatial data science research methods with scientific visualization using GIS and remote sensing.  Must have access to reliable transportation.
 Bachelor's degree or above in relevant majors (engineering fields preferred).  Excellent skills in Project Management.  Familiarity with Jira and/or other PM tools.  Excellent communication, organization, and coordination skills.  Proven ability to work under hard deadlines in a fast-paced environment.  Strong planning and execution abilities.  Strong logical thinking skills.  Strong risk management skills.  2 to 5+ years of experience in technical Project Management role within the automotive industry.  BS Degree in an engineering discipline is required.  Strong interpersonal and communication skills including ability to work in a cross-functional environment, communicate with all levels of an organization.  Ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, production, upper management and supply chain personnel.
10+ years of experience as a user experience designer, interaction designer, information architect, or similar UX-related roleAn online portfolio or samples of work demonstrating relevant experienceFluency in best practices for information architecture and interaction design, user-centered design process, as well as strong knowledge of user experience principles and techniques.  Familiarity with user interface patterns for web, mobile and service design8+ years of design management experience.  At Amazon, weve been investing deeply in artificial intelligence for over 20 years, and many of the capabilities customers experience are driven by machine learning.  Alexa is fueled by Natural Language Understanding and Automated Speech Recognition deep learning; as is our drone initiative, Prime Air, and the computer vision technology in our new retail experience, Amazon Go.  The ideal candidate has experience in digital enterprise products or software as a service, with strong blue sky/ideation skills, robust holistic systems thinking, deep attention to detail, and passion for making difficult tasks into simple and delightful experiences for customers.  Collaboration and product ownership is essential, requiring you to be a great communicator, and successfully present and align with the service and user experience team.  Additionally, you must be able to work with ambiguity and deliver designs that elevate the AWS customer experience.  Experience with ux design for complex workflows and/or for technical end users.  Strong time management skills and the ability to be self-directed when neededSolid written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present a strong rationale for design decisionsA .  Bachelors degree or graduate degree in interaction design, human-computer interaction (HCI), or a related UX degree.
 The right candidate will also have had experience creating or contributing to solutions that integrate cybersecurity and specialized information technology spanning clinical, research or administrative settings in the healthcare or allied fields.  Masters of Arts (MA)/.  Masters of Science (MS) with a minimum of fifteen (15) years of experience in information technology or cybersecurity OR .  Bachelors and 19 years of experience OR High School diploma and 25 years of experience.  Must possess at least one Advanced IT cybersecurity certification (CISSP (preferred), CISM, CISA, CIPP, CEH, CISSP, or the equivalent).  Must possess expertise in multiple areas of information technology such as but not limited to: enterprise security architecture, cybersecurity engineering, telecommunications systems design, IT operations, risk assessments, vulnerability management, cloud technologies, system security, the Internet of Things (IoT) and privacy for both traditional and next-generation IT digital architectures.  Knowledge and familiarity with cybersecurity practices and trends for US government information technology, especially at VA or DoD, although we value similar cybersecurity experience acquired at other federal agencies or departments.  Familiarity with one or more US government initiatives such as the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) and Privacy Framework, the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), the Risk Management Framework (RMF), Federal Identity Credential and Access Management (FICAM) or Electronic Health Records Management (EHRM).  Familiarity with healthcare and medical security and privacy requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations governing the use of medical devices as well as other federal mandates.  Knowledge of assessment frameworks such as HITRUST.
 experiences in education.  Experience**.  Experience in the delivery of artificial intelligence experiences within software or mobile platform.  + 10 years experience with complete development process: design, test, build, deploy, repeat in a cloud environment.  + 5 years experience with AWS or Google Cloud platform components such as Kubernetes Engine, Cloud Storage, Cloud SQL, Cloud CDN, Cloud Pub/Sub, Stackdriver.  + 5 years experience using industry standard DevOps tools (CI/CD, Jenkins, GoCD, Git, scripting, Gradle, Maven, Docker/containers, Kubernetes, etc.  Familiarity with API development, HTTP, async processing, parallel processing, distributed computing.  Expert experience with programming languages, at least one of (GOLang, Java, Python/SymPy).  + 5 years experience with Analytics, logging, monitoring, metrics (SDKs from Firebase and Google is a plus).  + 5 years experience creating APIs, Web Services (RESTful), API documentation.  Experience building and maintaining scalable solutions in a distributed environment.  Experience in defining and completing non-functional requirements such as Accessibility, Security, I18N, Performance, and/or Scalability.  Excellent verbal & written communication skills.  Ability to work with 3rd party vendors, manage interactions and project needs.
 Significant experience in program and portfolio management of research and development programs within the DoD or industry.  Excellent communication skills in unstructured verbal interactions, briefings, and meeting moderation; and, ability to work independently with both junior and senior staff in a distributed environment while maintaining a strong commitment to deliverable schedules.  Have at least 10-15 years experience in engineering and technology/portfolio development and management.  Previous Department of Defense experience (preferred but not required).  You will be an even better fit, if you have experience in these areas, or additional certifications/education:.  15-20 years experience in industry, or the federal sector, in technology development, introduction, and transitioning to viable product commercialization.  Prior experience as a technical leader in a defense lab or agency, or major research agency or organization.  Experience advising senior leaders in the DoD, especially in the area of AI/ML or cybersecurity.  Wed expect you to have the following educational background, but appropriate experience (above) may outweigh the education requirements:.  MS or ME in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering disciplines, or other related fields.
 We are seeking a leader passionate in user experience and skilled in fast paced execution to deliver our vision for reinventing meetings and meeting culture to be more effective, inclusive, and fun, through new experiences, technologies, and intelligence.  Develop feature roadmap that balances business, experience, and technical.  Produce collateral for our field and the press to use to bolster our claims that Teams Meeting and Calling experiences provide the best audiovisual quality.  Ability to travel to Prague, Czech Republic or Bangalore, India periodically.  Strong desire to succeed and motivate others through inspirational leadership and data.  Ability to consider upstream and downstream process impacts and implications.  Ability to establish and manage priorities in a high pace environment.  Proven ability to execute swiftly without compromising experience and quality.  Ability to do public speaking in a wide variety of venues .  Ability to work with executives internally and from some of the largest companies in the world.  Experience and education required:.  Bachelor's Degree along with degree or equivalent experience in Engineering, Computer Science, Human Factors.  5+ years of experience shipping software technology products and services.
 You are a seasoned data scientist and innovator with interest and experience in Real-World .  Evidence (RWE) generation through advanced analytics and innovative approaches.  Evidence (CORE) to develop advanced, strategic real-world data capabilities and support market access, reimbursement and other business imperatives.  Evidence Leads and cross-functional stakeholders to deliver actionable insights from real-world data in support of the product line Value .  Evidence strategy.  Master degree with at least 6 years relevant work experience is required.  Experience and Skills**:.  Six or more years of experience in analyzing healthcare administrative data, electronic health records, and/or disease/patient registries for relevant quantitative and qualitative research.  Experience with advanced information technology (e.  Healthcare or pharmaceutical industry experience and business acumen.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience with the whole life cycle of rea-world evidence and outcomes studies (planning, generation, and dissemination).  Exposure with payer analytics and/or HTA methodologies for value-based contracting.  Experience with Big Data technology (such as AWS Redshift).  Exposure/familiarity with cognitive computing/artificial intelligence.  Exposure/familiarity in Natural Language Process (NLP) and social media data mining.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific.
, Vehicle Operating System) for the next-generation vehicles that provide immersive digital experience, L2-L4 autonomous driving capabilities, high-speed data processing, and cloud-driven and 5G-based on-car and off-car applications.  A domain expert with 5+ years of experience in software or firmware development, and 2+ years of experience in technical program management.  Working experience with breaking down large & complex projects into multiple working streams with clear definitions of inter-dependency, priorities, milestones, and resource allocation.  Strong capability of driving on-time delivery of complex programs end to end, including thorough planning, sprint management, sorting out dependencies, identifying potential risks, and helping the team unblock blockers, etc.  Experienced with establishing strong partnerships across multi-disciplinary teams and demonstrated critical thinking.  Strong CAN DO attitude, and able to work effectively in a fast pace environment with competing resources and priorities.  Experience with working with oversea teams.  Experience with leading technical programs of building large scale software platform and/or infrastructure for many engineering teams to use.  Experience with Functional Safety related product development, and knowledgeable about MISRA and ISO26262.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Coordinate with developers and designers to ensure the cohesiveness of the overall user experience.  Responsible for providing creative and experience leadership/approval for digital products (consumer and enterprise applications).  Bachelors degree, or equivalent work experience.  Product Information Management system management experience preferred.  API development and integration experience preferred.  Strong communication skills.  Strong interest in the learning, and in improving how consumers across the sector consume and interact with our platform and content.  Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 Working under the general supervision of the Director, ECommerce and relying on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals, the Director, Data Management & Analytics provides thought leadership around the formulation and execution of a comprehensive data program.  The program's mission is to drive a culture of using data intelligence and analytics to deepen customer relationships and the customer experience, drive revenue and identify customer growth opportunities across the organization.  Bachelor's Degree major in Computer Science, Mathematics, IT or Data Management preferred.  Fifteen plus years in data management with at least 10 years of management experience.  Proficient in the following tools: Advanced Excel & PowerPivot, ETL tool, MS SQL Server / Databases Reporting tools, including Business Objects and MS Power BISAS BASE / SAS EG or other BI tool.  Proven ability to apply Sales cycle and sales needs around customer-related data to practice.  Proven ability to apply marketing needs, including digital marketing and marketing lead generation cycle to practice.  Proven ability in master data management, integration and reporting experience.  Proven ability to work with architects directly to establish and maintain data management platforms that meet practical analytics and BI needs.  Proven ability to apply data science to real-world business problems.  Proven ability to institute and drive data quality and governance processes and standards.  Proven ability to manage and integrate 3rd party data providers.  Proven ability to manage a data management team in an organization with a master data management practice.  Strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze customer trends .  Strong business acumen including but not limited to marketing and sales cycles.  Experience in working with Data Lake, Data Warehouse or Data Hub.
 Ability to work with clients (internal and external), understand and gather requirements, and test our solutions with them.  Ability to handle multiple projects at once.  Bachelors degree in Technology, Engineering or Computer Science/MIS;.  Minimum years of work experience: 10-12 years.  Experience working with proactive notification technologies such as SMS and Push Notifications.  Experience in agile development, with experience in use of JIRA and Confluence.  Experience in software or web product management, including functional design and documentation, and UI wire-framing.  Sound business & strategy judgment, proven ability to influence others, and strong analytical thinking.  Experience with a wide range of technologies (Youre not expected to code, but should be able to talk to engineers about abilities and limitations of different technologies).  Experience in working with and coordinating large-scale projects with distributed teams.  Exceptional writing skills including the ability to present and convey ideas to business and leadership stakeholders.  Prior experience with APIs.  Prior development experience a big plus.  Sound business & strategy judgment, proven ability to influence others, and strong analytical thinking skills are critical to success in this position.
 Expertise and guidance to various teams within Core Technology and the GSK business units, specifically R&D, to ensure security related issues are understood and addressed.  Experience in Engineering, IT/Comp Sci/ Information Assurance/ Cybersecurity/ Management.  10+ years experience in Information Technology.  7-10 years experience in Information Security.  5+ years of hands on experience and in-depth knowledge of data governance, data security, and data compliance.  Experience developing and delivering security requirements into Agile developed projects and work streams with external dependencies.  Experience working in a continuous integration and continuous delivery model (CI/CD).  Experience in modern cloud computing and delivery platforms such as Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud and Amazon AWS.  Experience designing and delivering security requirements to support agile software development processes (Jira/Confluence/Jenkins).  Experience with security testing tools which perform vulnerability identification, threat analysis and static/dynamic code review.  Deep experience with security in cloud environments around GDPR, CCPA, PHI/PII data, data encryption at rest and in transit as well security concepts like tokenization, federated security models and secrets management.  Expertise in cryptography, authentication protocols and authorization standards (e.  Experience working with data security systems (e.  Prior experience of supporting or building and securing large scale distributed systems and data platforms using Big Data stack (Kafka, Hadoop, Spark, Flink, Hive .  Deep technical experience and knowledge in the design and implementation of analytical data platforms and accepted best practices around data movement, meta-data catalogs, data transformation, data ingestion, data security, data science and data mining in both Cloud, hybrid and on-premise environments.  Certifications ??One or more of the following desired: CISSP, CSSLP, CCSK, CCSP.  Pharmaceutical experienced preferred but not essential.
 Master degree in engineering/mathematics, e.  Must have business/product mind, business background preferred.  Prefer 2-3 years working experience in product management, Autonomous Technology - fully autonomous vehicles or ADAS.  Ability to utilize abstract reasoning techniques to formulate problems and establish creative solutions.  Ability to manage multiple projects, multi-tasking and meet deadlines.
 This role is a key element within Sartorius global CONFIDENCE Validation Services Strategy 2025 ??make a choice and join us to be part of!.  This role is a key element within Sartorius global CONFIDENCE Validation Services Strategy 2025 ??make a choice and join us to be part of!.  Develop and implement the CONFIDENCE짰 Validation Services digitalization strategy including artificial intelligence roadmap.  Identify, initiate and facilitate continuous improvement activities for each site across the CONFIDENCE짰 Validation Services organization.  +3 years experience in CI management or IT consulting.  Knowledge of improvement methodologies such as Six Sigma, Accelerated Root Cause or Transactional Lean beneficial.  Excellent project & process management skills as well as strong communication skills.  Experience in IT consulting beneficial; Computer programming skills beneficial.  Strong organizational and analytical skills.  Strong identification with our core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience to meet managerial expectations.  The Program Manager will identify needed resources for projects, define and assign major program roles, lead the establishment of and sets integrated WBS-based budget and schedule baselines, and monitor work accomplished to baseline plans to ensure rate of work completion is sufficient to meet program/product schedules.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience to meet managerial expectations.  Strong knowledge of products and technologies including current and potential applications.  Experience managing programs and delivering software solutions to customers.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Technical depth and previous hands on experience is strongly desired (preferably in Integration technologies but not mandatory).  Familiarity with on-premises as well as multi-tenant cloud architectures, security, user interface, agile development methodologies is a plus.  We also prefer you have experience in Application Integration for Oracle and/or third-party Cloud/On-premises applications as well as the emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) space applied to Integration.  Your experience should translate quickly into the evolving differentiation of these capabilities within Oracles Integration Portfolio.  5+ years experience in technology product management.  Proven track record of successful software product delivery.  Strong understanding of enterprise software and cloud computing with practical and deep hands-on experience in iPaaS, SaaS and/or SOA products.  Strong understanding and/or practical experience with AI/ML technologies and trends.  Strong understanding of integrating with complex enterprise applications and integration frameworks/interfaces.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work with a geographically distributed team.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 4 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 4 years directly related experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Power, performance and the graphical user interface (UI) playing a central role in the way humans are interacting with machines and devices and their experience with it.  Our day-to-day impulsion is to provide the utmost positive interaction experience a human being can have - Always!.  The ideal candidate will possess a proven track record and background that enables them to lead a sales effort that will include teaming with Think Silicon GPU/Display Controller and AI Hardware and Software Teams, Application Engineers, and R&D.  7+ years of technology-related sales or business development experience.  BA/BS degree or equivalent experience required.  5+ years direct field experience working with enterprise accounts.  3+ years working domain experience in computer graphics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, or related technologies.  Proven track record of success driving adoption of disruptive technologies within high-tech industry accounts.  Bachelor's Degree.  Skills.  Certifications:.  Experience:.  Experience:.
 BA/BS degree or equivalent work experience.  8 years marketing experience.  5+ years of product marketing experience in the B2B SaaS space.  Experience in one or more of the following categories: Text Analytics, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Document or Content Management, Contract Lifecycle Management, Legal Operations, Information Security Operations.  Proven ability to understand and simplify complex, technical topics for non-technical audiences.
 Experience:.  Five (5) or more years of experience in client-facing consulting, offering data analytics and automation services, requiredPrior financial and/or economic analysis, business valuation, public accounting, forensic technology, consulting experience, preferred.  Experience in maintaining client relationships, preferred.  Experience in the following areas, preferred:.  License/Certifications:.  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with .  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Ability to work with a high degree of professionalism and autonomy.  Excellent verbal and written communication skillsSolid organizational skills, especially the ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment, and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the Firm.  Ability to encourage a team environment on engagements, and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnelExecutive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.  Ability to work on international projects with 90%+ potential international travel.
 Every year, 77 million Americans have negative experiences with the collections process, and they deserve a better approach - one that is more relevant, more digital, and less abrasive.  5+ years of experience in one or more of machine learning, recommendation systems, pattern recognition, data mining or artificial intelligence.  Proven ability to translate insights into business recommendations.  Solid experience with ML tools (Spark, Tensorflow, AirFlow, SageMaker, PMML, etc.  Ability to lead architectural discussions, drive technical decision making and implement day-to-day changes.  Advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field.  Experience working with the AWS ecosystem.  Knowledge of functional Scala.
 Your past experiences include gathering first experience in business conception and strategy development, ideally in the semiconductor and/or electronic industry.  Bachelors degree in science, economics or industrial engineering.  Industry experience in the semiconductor or electronics industry, ideally also including operational experience (e.  business development, strategy execution, P&L responsibility)10+ years profound experience in a leading management consulting company or similar experience in the industry.  5+ years of experience in strategy development of companies or business unitsFluent in English.  Masters or PhD in science, economics or industrial engineering or MBAGood commercial and financial skills, ideally experience with financial planningA general interest in technologies ??to shape the technologies of the futureIdeally experiences in M&AVery good analytical skills and experienced with PowerPoint and ExcelVery good communication and team skillsHighly motivated and ambitious to grow within the semiconductor and display materials industry.
 8+ years of experience in software development as a full stack developer.  2+ years of engineering leadership experience, preferably in a C#, .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.  Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.  Strong communication skills, with the ability to convey technical concepts to individuals with varying levels of technical understanding.  Proven ability to efficiently learn and apply new ideas and concepts.  Ability to organize time, staff, and projects efficiently.
 Minimum of five (5) years experience.  Must possess an Operating System (OS)/Application Certification.  Preferred Certifications:.
 NCI is looking for a self-driven DIGITAL INNOVATION AND TRANSFORMATION MANAGER (DITM) with the desire for success and a relentless interest in providing a positive customer experience to complement a cohesive team of IT professionals.  The DITM is responsible for continuous improvement and reporting on the impacts of innovation on customer experience.  Recent (within the last five years) hands-on experience with facilitating and successfully implementing digital innovational and transformational changes in organizations similar to GSA.  Recent experience with leading successful improvement projects in an agile environment for organizations similar in size to GSA.  Minimum of three years of experience analyzing customer requirements and providing assistance with requirements development similar in size, scope, and complexity as described in the PWS.  Recent experience delivering emergent technologies to complex business solutions for stakeholders from multiple disciplines.  Experience:.  Minimum four years of relevant experience.
 NCI is looking for a self-driven SERVICE DELIVERY MANAGER (SDM) with the desire for success and a relentless interest in providing a positive customer experience to complement a cohesive team of IT professionals.  The SDM shall be responsible for improving, optimizing, standardizing, and streamlining customer support processes that yield improvements to the customer experience.  A minimum of five years of technical experience managing, maturing, and modernizing service delivery for remote and geographically dispersed users with end-to-end service delivery, similar in size, scope, and complexity to this TO.  Recent (within the last five years) experience with implementing SLAs and performance metrics on a contract of similar size, scope, and complexity.  Experience in promoting and institutionalizing the utilization of AI (e. , virtual agents) to drive continuous improvement in business value and customer experience.  Recent experience implementing, managing, and modernizing successful self-help/self-heal services.  Experience with facilitating/coordinating cross-functional teams to develop, deliver, operationalize, document, and support solutions.  Recent experience with developing and managing a customer-focused continuous improvement program.  Experience:.
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Undergraduate degree in a fascinating subject.  2+ years of Customer Success or Account Management experience.  SalesForce, Excel, G-suite experience is a plus.  Bonus points if you have experience in marketing, sales, or the Software / SaaS industry.
As Channel Sales Director you will ensure a highly inspired and motivated workforce leading customer experience, in collaboration with peer executives, employees and cross-functional teams. YOU MUST HAVE10+ Years of Sales experience selling SaaS or PaaS software5+ Years negotiating Channel Sales of SaaS or PaaS softwareOf the 10 years you must demonstrate at least 70% On or Above Plan achievementCreate, implement, and maintain a channel sales operating plan AnnuallyDrive Sales activities necessary to achieve monthly, quarterly and annual On Plan sales targetsManage the Channel Sales pipeline using Salesforce Sales Cloud, CPQ and other applications within SalesforceLead Regional Tradeshows, Seminars and Company Sponsored Fleet Automation events.  Ability to build relationships both internal and external with CxO to secure Target Market adoptionWork closely with the marketing team to drive awareness, branding and lead generationManage to a set of specific Sales KPIsOn-board channel partners, enable channel partners, manage channel partnersImplement a National Partner ProgramEstablish a Partner Portal where all leads are tracked, managed and paid fromLeadershipMaintains and enforces a documented recordkeeping of all pipeline leads in Salesforce - dailyLead, inspire and motivate your team to achieve On Plan resultsSecure product, industry and association Training for you and your team.  Strong Leadership skills requiredTransactionsEnsure that all leads are documented in Salesforce dailyEnsure that all contacts and updates to existing leads are updated in SalesforceEnsure that all contracts are fully executed and provided to AccountingEnsure all current or existing customers are well supported and managed via Account teamsBase Qualifications.  Excellent partner relationship skills3+ years a Sales leader of 5 or more personnel$1M ARR Required.  Experience demonstrating valued based selling.  Strong Leadership skills.  Excellent presentation and communication skillsExcellence in Salesforce skillsProficient in Microsoft Office tools.  Ability to travel 75% RegionallyDesired Qualifications:  Category: SalesLocation: Houston, TX areaDetails: Reports into the VP of SalesOTE: $160K on 70/30 Split [base/commission]Quota: $400K Annual Yr 1.
 NCI is looking for a self-driven ENGINEERING AND IMPLEMENTATION MANAGER with the desire for success and a relentless interest in providing a positive customer experience to complement a cohesive team of IT professionals.  Recent (within the last five years) of experience managing and leading a large engineering and operations staff with skills applicable to a project environment similar in size, scope, and complexity as this TO.  Experience managing a transition of systems/applications into a cloud environment.  Minimum of five years of experience managing Agile and DevOps projects.  Experience with implementing technical and process changes in a highly complex infrastructure environment similar to the GSA environment.  Experience managing cross-functional teams and collaborating with internal and external stakeholders (e.  Experience:.  Minimum four years of relevant experience.
 Bachelors degree in Business, Human Resources, or related field.  Masters degree preferred.  Ten or more total years of experience in recruiting and/or marketing responsibilities with an.  Five or more total years of experience in strategy or managing recruitment marketing.  Knowledge and proficiency with recruiting software/systems, including CRM and.  CMS, bots, artificial intelligence tools and analytics.  Knowledge of recruitment marketing with emphasis on digital strategies.  Knowledge of social media platforms and backend operations.  Knowledge of recruiting methodologies.  Experience with selection, implementation of recruiting platforms and associated.  Ability to plan and manage multiple deliverables within multiple projects.  Ability to manage staff.  Ability to analyze complex technical data and formulate logical and objective solutions.  Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships and interact with.  Knowledge and proficiency with Microsoft Office and project management software.  Ability to effectively delegate tasks.  Ability to receive, comprehend and respond to communication from a variety of sources and.  Ability to ascend/descend stairs and work in small spaces such as office cubicles.  Ability to move between workstation and other areas in the office.  Ability to remain seated for at least 6 hours a day.  Ability to move and lift objects e.  Ability to operate office equipment including computers, and photocopying machine.  Ability to operate a motor vehicle for travel to/from client sites.  Ability to travel interstate and internationally via commercial aircraft.  Anticipated starting salary will be commensurate with education and work experience.
 This position over time will draw on skills in Citrix, VMWare, Microsoft Hyper-V, and Linux administration.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent technical experience.  Hands-on experience administering Windows and Unix servers.  Hands-on experience with Citrix or VMWare is a plus.
 When it comes to creating products we believe that enterprise experiences deserve the craft, care, and delight that have become standard on the consumer side, and we're looking for people who feel the same.  Our sales and customer experience teams have your back because of your work with product marketing in defining go-to-market strategies, creating demos, supporting sales enablement, and supporting collateral for our customers.  Have previous experience leading and building AI products.  You have experience in B2B SaaS environments.
 MSc/PhD in computer science, statistics, or operations research or related technical field (e.  math, physics); Certifications in statistics, data mining and machine learning a plus.  10+ years of experience in a data science related field (e.  5+ years management experience leading a team.  Familiarity with latest Data Science, Analytics and Technology trends and their impact on business strategies and operations.  Strong understanding of statistics, structured and unstructured data analysis, predictive modeling techniques and good command of emerging methodologies like Artificial Intelligence.
 Experience.  Experience interfacing with customers or development teams.  Experience with JIRA or equivalent product development management tools.  Knowledge of the recruiting/talent acquisition industry.  Experience working with international teams.  Experience at a startup/fast paced environment.  Background in or experience with project/product management.  Experience managing enterprise platforms that enable a suite of products.  Experience building self serve tools that simplify technical configuration and implementation process.   5-7 years of relevant industry work experience.  Customer Focused -Strive to deliver the best customer focused product experience.  Experience Management (TXM).  Experience Management (TXM) platform to transform the talent journey from interested candidates to thriving employees to enthusiastic brand advocates, while helping HR break the stereotype of being a cost center instead of a revenue generator.  Redefining the entire talent experience through a single platform approach, Phenoms TXM platform provides companies with a unified solution which delivers a Career Site, CRM, CMS, Chatbot, SMS, Internal Mobility & Referrals, University Recruiting, Talent Analytics, and AI.
 Experience:.  8+ years of related experience and a minimum of a BA degree in EE, CS or similar is required.  Relevant experience in a product marketing role in the high-tech industry.  Proven ability to work in a matrix environment.  Experience in the EDA, semiconductor or foundry (preferred).
 Experience:.  Experience and or skills with technology vendors such as Microsoft, Cisco, Brocade, CentOS Linux, HP server hardware and VMware are especially desirable.
 Bachelor's degree or above in an engineering discipline is required.  2 to 5+ years of experience in technical Project Management (automotive industry preferred).  Familiarity with Jira, Confluence, MS Project / Smartsheets, and/or other PM tools.  Excellent communication, organization, and coordination skills.  Ability to work in a cross-functional environment, communicate with all levels of an organization including engineering, production, upper management and supply chain personnel.  Proven ability to work under hard deadlines in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment.  Strong planning and execution abilities.  Strong logical thinking skills.  Exposure to autonomous vehicle software, ADAS, vehicle networks (CAN/Ethernet), electronic module firmware, telematics.
 Familiarity with parenting and/or edtech: while many of us are parents, its certainly not a requirement. 5-10 years of experience in content marketing which includes expertise in creating content for social virality, marketing content in multiple forms, across multiple channels such as email, organic search, and paid syndication: we are seeking the right experience and can adjust seniority.  Strong editorial background: we have a wonderful team of writers and editors, but need your insight into how to structure content that gets people interested and engaged.  Experience:Content Marketing: 5 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)This Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culturePeople-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focusedTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeThis Job Is:A Fair Chance job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks)Schedule:Monday to FridayDay shift8 hour shiftCompany's website:http://parentlab.
 Familiarity with parenting and/or edtech: while many of us are parents, its certainly not a requirement. 5-10 years of experience in content marketing which includes expertise in creating content for social virality, marketing content in multiple forms, across multiple channels such as email, organic search, and paid syndication: we are seeking the right experience and can adjust seniority.  Strong editorial background: we have a wonderful team of writers and editors, but need your insight into how to structure content that gets people interested and engaged.  Experience:Content Marketing: 5 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)This Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culturePeople-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focusedTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeThis Job Is:A Fair Chance job (you or the employer follow Fair Chance hiring practices when performing background checks)Schedule:Monday to FridayDay shift8 hour shiftCompany's website:http://parentlab.
 Experience in segmenting and prioritizing market opportunities, and establish related go-to-market plans to focus business development efforts.  Inspire the team by sharing your knowledge and experiences to support the development of your colleagues!.  Education: Bachelor's or Master's degree in Business Administration, Marketing, or IT.  Experience: 3 - 5+ years of experience in sales and business development for applications and software products.  3 - 5+ years of B2B sales experience in key industry segments.  Security industry applications experience is a plus!.
 With more than 800 systems on-line or being installed in 75 jurisdictions across six states and three countries, Stem has more experience installing and operating advanced energy storage systems than every other provider combined.  Required Skills.  Proficient experience in financial modeling and data analysis.  Ability to distill insights from large volumes of data.  Excellent (English) communication skills, both written and oral, including the ability to convey ideas and positions clearly.  Familiarity with SalesForce (Netsuite also a plus).  Experience.  Strong educational background (e.  Masters degree in related fields) or commensurate experience.  2+ years of relevant work experience, preferably in energy, solar, energy storage, finance, and/or SaaS.  Financial transaction experience.
 MS.  or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (i.  Hands on experience with modeling/development software (ie.  Familiarity with statistical models and methods (i.  You have experience engineering information out of massive and complex datasets.
 You Have:5+ years of experience with machine learning, data science, or data engineering2+ years of experience with natural language processing (NLP) model or deep learning (DL) model building.  Experience with scripting languages, including Python and ProgR, and using packages used in machine learning applications or advanced data analytics.  Ability to lead teams of data scientists and technical consultants in project based areas.  Ability to articulate workflows and explain technical concepts to non-technical audiencesTS/SCI clearanceMA or MS degree.  Experience with a wide variety of machine learning tools, including Elsticsearch, Keras, TensorFlow, and Caffee.  Experience with extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) processes and tools.
 Masters in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science.  10+ years of experience in analytics role in ML, AI, NLP, research, predictive analytics, business analytics or similar area.  5+ years of experience designing and managing analytical projects/teams.  Strong programming skills and ability to utilize a variety of data/analytic software/languages/tools; e.  Experience developing enterprise grade analytics solutions using Cloud platforms (i.  Strong communication skills.  Ability to work in a diverse team.  Graduate degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Engineering or closely related field.  Experience within telecommunications, cable industry, high tech, or consulting.  Practical experience applying advanced ML, DP, and AI approaches to mass transaction reduction and customer experience optimization.  Experience in data visualization solutions and data visualization tools.
 Advanced degree preferred with proficiency in multi-physics modeling, heat transfer/computational fluid dynamics, process modeling, and/or artificial intelligence/machine learning needed.  Strong oral and written communication skills are required for verbal and written interaction with all levels of personnel (i.  Strong leadership responsibilities including mentoring of less senior professionals, ability to lead complex tasks, proposal development, and demonstrated creative ability through mediums of patent disclosures, engineering reports, technical papers, and peer-reviewed journal articles.  Apply technical experience in field of specialization or broad-based experience in multiple technical fields, to resolve complex problems.  Experience, .  degree in applicable science or engineering discipline and 5+ years experience.  OR A MS with 8+ years experience.  OR A BS with 10+ years experience or more.  Degree in mechanical, nuclear, or chemical engineering or a related technical field.  Strong publication record and leadership in the technical field.  Experience in analytical and numerical model development.  COMSOL, ANSYS, FLUENT, ASPEN, etc).  Respect others knowledge, skills, and experiences.
 We are looking for talented, experienced engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including large-scale system design, distributed computing, data storage and data mining, analytical methods, security, and dynamic simulation across a range of information system architectures.  The candidate will be given a chance to make a positive impact warfighters experience and will have an enormous opportunity to lead the design, architecture, and implementation of products.  Strong communication and interpersonal skills are essential and highly valued in this role.  The candidate must be a proven large team leader and have excellent verbal, mentoring, and presentation skills.  Furthermore, the candidate must have demonstrated proficiency in program planning, management, and execution along with the ability to interact with a diverse set of sponsors. , a MS and 5 years of directly related experience will be considered.  Experience developing modern, scalable, modular, open software architecture.  Experience with cloud service models: Software as a Service (SaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS).  Experience with Agile development methodologies.  Experience with DevSecOps pipeline processes and technologies.  Experience with program management and demonstrated oral and written communications skills are essential.  Desired Skills:.  Experience taking a lead role in building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers.  Strong understanding of DoD architectures and services is desirable.  Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.  Experience with collaboration (Confluence, etc.  Experience developing distributed and cloud-based systems and services.  Experience with data warehousing and data lakes.  Familiarity with the concept of Infrastructure as Code (IaC).
 Strong analytical, cross-referencing and deductive reasoning skills.  Ability to problem-solve, review and analyze data, effectively assess risk, and identify operational efficiencies.  Ability to determine best course of action/make sound recommendations.  Experience with Artificial Intelligence and/or Machine Learning preferred.  Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment with frequent interruptions and work effectively under the pressure of deadlines.  Must display a high level of professionalism, sound judgment, commitment, integrity, teamwork, and customer service.  Proven organizational skills.  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience.  Minimum of 7 years of experience in related field.  Excellent medical and dental benefits that start day one.
 BS or MS degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related degree or equivalent experience and 8+ years of meaningful software development experience.  Expert level knowledge and experience in system software design and operating system fundamentals.  Validated leadership skills and strong ownership on past projects in an environment with complex software and hardware designs.  Clear verbal and written communication with the proven ability to build consensus within a large organization.  Outstanding C programming and low-level driver experience; background and strength with complex system-level debugging, performance analysis and test design.  Familiarity with kernel level security concepts; this includes familiarity with threat modeling techniques in addition to tooling for both static and dynamic analysis.  Kernel development experience with Linux, Android, Chrome, or Windows systems.  Experience as a maintainer or significant contributor to large open source software projects.  Knowledge of virtualization platforms (XenServer, KVM, Hyper-V).  Familiarity with kernel level security concepts; this includes testing techniques and a familiarity with static code analysis, multifaceted analysis, fuzzing, negative testing and other techniques.  Experience with embedded system SW concepts, e.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, effectively working across departments and managing multiple projects at once.  Ability to communicate with diverse groups, from customers to company executives.  Strong analytical skills, easily breaking complex problems down into smaller, workable parts.  Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.  Strong familiarity with accounting practices and systems or CPA license.
 This position will be located in Roy, UT a nd will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.  GBSD_Jobs.  Bachelor's degree and 9 years of relevant experience; or 7 years with Master's; or 4 years with PhD.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, effectively working across departments and managing multiple projects at once.  Ability to communicate with diverse groups, from customers to company executives.  Strong analytical skills, easily breaking complex problems down into smaller, workable parts.  Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.  Strong familiarity with accounting practices and systems or CPA license.
 Our ideal candidate is a highly creative individual with strong writing skills who is excited to build delightful client experiences through multimodal conversational interfaces.  Lead the conversation strategy user experience and build alignment with a variety of stakeholders across the Schwab organization.  Participate in user testing and synthesize findings into delightful user experiences with research and UX Design partners.  Experience Design to flesh out user experiences and provide copy support.  Work closely with the product and design teams to build exceptional user experiences through conversation design.  5+ years of copywriting and/or content strategy experience in the financial industry, conversation design experience preferred.  NLP experience preferred.  Knowledge of accessibility, working in an Agile environment, JIRA, and UX design principles.  Ability to advocate for user experience and content strategy and facilitate alignment on content solutions with various partners (e.  Expertise in the Microsoft Office suite and familiarity with Confluence and one or more design tools, such as Adobe InDesign, Sketch, and InVision.  Ability to adhere to regulatory standards and requirements.
 A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college or university with a course of study in a field related to computer or information science and Security Plus Certification; OR.  An Associates Degree from an accredited college or university with a course of study in a field related to computer or information science, two (2) years of professional experience in computer systems analysis, computer programming or related field and Security Plus Certification; OR.  Four (4) years of professional experience in computer systems analysis, computer programming or related field and Security Plus Certification.  Administer all SQM information systems to include IEOMS 1. 0, IEOMS 2. 0, FLAIR, DMAFTS, WORKS, PALM and STMS.  Coordinates all pay administration and execution of SAD payroll with the use of IEOMS.  Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services.  Knowledge of computer and network standards, policies, and techniques.  Knowledge of servers and commercial off the shelf/government off the shelf software to identify corrective or preventative actions to ensure optimum performance.  Knowledge of facility environment and infrastructure to support computer systems.  Ability to use and maintain a computer system, equipment, and software; analyze computer network, software, and hardware problems and develop effective and economical solutions.  Ability to train users on new computer systems.  Ability to communicate factual and procedural information clearly, both orally and in writing.  Ability to plan, organize and coordinate work assignments.  Ability to communicate effectively.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others.
 This role will lead the Digital Search & Personalization team and provide direction for enterprise search and personalization strategy and solution that will inform technology platform, capabilities, and customer experiences in support of the broader KP and IT strategies.  The KP Digital organization supports Kaiser Permanente-s quest to disrupt healthcare by assessing digital transformation opportunities, driving behavioral change and accelerating change within Kaiser Permanente to deliver end-to-end consumer, workforce, clinician and customer/broker experiences that fully integrate digital ways of working, we are building a roadmap that is strategic, innovative and collaborative.  Collectively, we will create immersive experiences for our consumers, our customers, our care team, and our employees to improve engagement, enablement and overall experience.  - Design and implement world class Search solution that generates high quality, scalable features that delivers a -wow- experience to our consumers.  ExperienceMinimum ten (10) years of senior level experience, with significant experience and success managing complex organizational business management initiatives involving multiple functions and/or multiple business units/regions in a corporate setting. Minimum eight (8) years of experience with search-related technologies, such as Lucene, Elasticsearch, Spark, Solr, etc.  EducationBachelor-s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, Finance, or a related field OR a minimum four (4) years of experience in a directly related field required.  Experience with large distributed systems.  Ability to drive cross-functional collaboration and consensus without clear authority. An ambitious and pioneering leader who has strong business acumen, experience with technology including value chain, strategy development and leading people.  Preferred Qualifications:Master-s degree preferred.
 Must be a U.  Must be able to pass a Counterintelligence (CI) Polygraph.  Expert Engineering and Development Managers are responsible for leading the development of program and project integration solutions across the enterprise and determining integration/ interface requirements.  Expert-level experience in government or industry in data base management or Big Data analytics.  Experience integrating solutions using Cloud-based technologies.  Previous IC or DoD program/project experience.  Demonstrated experience with Model Based Systems Engineering, processes, tools, and languages.  Experience integrating solutions using Automation, Artificial Intelligence, and Augmentation (AAA) technologies as well as structured and unstructured Big Data.  Experience:.
 We care deeply about delivering the best transportation experience; this means the best experience for the passenger and the best experience for the driver.  Experience:.  Master's degree in one of the following fields: systems engineering, mechanical, electrical, computer engineering, aerospace engineering or related disciplines.  Demonstrated experience in executing verification and validation testing for complex systems.  Proven ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity, with only high level direction.  Experience in the design, development and deployment of autonomous vehicles, automotive or related complex remote sensing/mapping systems.  Related experience in one of the following fields: sensors (camera, radar, lidar), controls, geo-localization (GPS & IMU), robotics, remote sensing, machine learning/artificial intelligence or on-edge compute.  Ability to influence, negotiate, and inspire others in a matrixed environment.  Ability to communicate highly technical problems and solutions at all levels from engineer to C-level executives.  Experience developing complex systems combining remote sensing technology, Artificial Intelligence, and Controls for a safety critical application.  Experience in systems integration, vehicle testing, functional safety, and vehicle launch.
Come Join The Swiss Post Team!We have an immediate opening for an experienced Customer Service Manager in Lehigh, PARole Summary:We are currently seeking a Client Service Manager to sit on-site with our client. Key Responsibilities Include: 쨌 Service Delivery쨌 Client Requests - Manage the receipt, delegation and successful completion of all client requests쨌 Deadlines - Meet all client and SPS deadlines쨌 Resource Management ??Manage all resources within the operation including people, hardware/software and facilities쨌 Staffing Levels ??Coordinate staff schedules to ensure appropriate staff levels are maintained and proper coverage is provided for PTO, sickness and emergencies쨌 Safety ??Maintain a safe working environment for the SPS staff쨌 Track Activity/Performance - Track all client requests using the approved tracking mechanism쨌 Monthly Reports - Maintain metrics for monthly reporting of KPIs/SLAs쨌 Vendor Management ??Oversee all equipment, supply and messenger vendors to comply with SPS contract쨌 Site Inspections - Perform multiple daily walkthroughs to observe team performance first hand쨌 Documentation - Document any incidents and inform Client and SPS immediately쨌 Financial Performance쨌 Maintain site P&L at proforma levels or above쨌 Consistent execution & all deadlines met for payroll, billing & A/R collection쨌 Oversee monthly budget forecasts for the account쨌 Business Development ??grow the existing account year-over year쨌 Client & Employee Engagement쨌 Maintain Client Satisfaction Index (CSI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in Monthly and Quarterly Client Business Reviews쨌 Maintain Employee Satisfaction Index (ESI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in SPS sponsored events쨌 Establish and maintain accountability to Client Director쨌 Coach, develop and cross train operations team to grow their careers쨌 Set and communicate to each staff member individual responsibilities, operational issues/concerns, daily goals, service improvements and customer expectations쨌 Develop, appraise and counsel staff to reduce turnover, improve employee satisfaction and increase promotability of staff members쨌 Maintain consistent documentation monitoring the status of each employee쨌 Provide annual employee performance evaluations and reviews as directed by SPS쨌 Operational Excellence쨌 Strict adherence to all SPS policies & procedures쨌 Serve as a knowledge resource regarding SPS policies and procedures쨌 Exceed all contractual and client KPIs/SLAs쨌 Immediately report any personnel, security or data breach incidents to SPS leadership teamQualifications: 쨌 Minimum of 5+ years of experience in high level relationship building and operational management쨌 Previous management/ supervisor experience overseeing 5-10 employees쨌 .  Ability to build business relationships and interact effectively with C level executives쨌 Solid understanding of selling skills쨌 Exceptional computer skills쨌 Industry related experience a plus쨌 Driven by client satisfaction, with proven track record of diplomacy and ownership쨌 .  Strong integrity, solid business ethics쨌 .  Strong team approach to account management쨌 Creative strategic thinking and performancePhysical Demands: 쨌 Fine and/or gross motor skills, including the ability to grasp, lift and/or carry or otherwise move packages on a standard wheeled cart with a load capacity of 60 lbs.  Ability to walk, bend, kneel, stand, and/or sit for an extended period of time쨌 .  Ability to lift or move 40 lbs. SPS is committed to delivering high caliber outsourcing experience to our clients and offering our employees challenging and exciting career opportunities throughout the North America region and globally.  Experience:Manager: 4 years (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
Job DescriptionCome Join The Swiss Post Team!We have an immediate opening for an experienced Customer Service Lead in Sterling Forest, NYRole Summary:We are currently seeking a Client Service Supervisor to sit on-site with our client. Key Responsibilities Include: 쨌 Service Delivery쨌 Client Requests - Manage the receipt, delegation and successful completion of all client requests쨌 Deadlines - Meet all client and SPS deadlines쨌 Resource Management ??Manage all resources within the operation including people, hardware/software and facilities쨌 Staffing Levels ??Coordinate staff schedules to ensure appropriate staff levels are maintained and proper coverage is provided for PTO, sickness and emergencies쨌 Safety ??Maintain a safe working environment for the SPS staff쨌 Track Activity/Performance - Track all client requests using the approved tracking mechanism쨌 Monthly Reports - Maintain metrics for monthly reporting of KPIs/SLAs쨌 Vendor Management ??Oversee all equipment, supply and messenger vendors to comply with SPS contract쨌 Site Inspections - Perform multiple daily walkthroughs to observe team performance first hand쨌 Documentation - Document any incidents and inform Client and SPS immediately쨌 Financial Performance쨌 Maintain site P&L at proforma levels or above쨌 Consistent execution & all deadlines met for payroll, billing & A/R collection쨌 Oversee monthly budget forecasts for the account쨌 Business Development ??grow the existing account year-over year쨌 Client & Employee Engagement쨌 Maintain Client Satisfaction Index (CSI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in Monthly and Quarterly Client Business Reviews쨌 Maintain Employee Satisfaction Index (ESI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in SPS sponsored events쨌 Establish and maintain accountability to Client Director쨌 Coach, develop and cross train operations team to grow their careers쨌 Set and communicate to each staff member individual responsibilities, operational issues/concerns, daily goals, service improvements and customer expectations쨌 Maintain consistent documentation monitoring the status of each employee쨌 Provide annual employee performance evaluations and reviews as directed by SPS쨌 Immediately report any personnel, security or data breach incidents to SPS leadership teamQualifications: 쨌 Minimum of 3+ years of experience in high level relationship building and operational management쨌 Previous management/ supervisor experience overseeing 5-10 employeesPhysical Demands: 쨌 Fine and/or gross motor skills, including the ability to grasp, lift and/or carry or otherwise move packages on a standard wheeled cart with a load capacity of 60 lbs.  Ability to walk, bend, kneel, stand, and/or sit for an extended period of time쨌 .  Ability to lift or move 40 lbs. SPS is committed to delivering high caliber outsourcing experience to our clients and offering our employees challenging and exciting career opportunities throughout the North America region and globally.  Experience:Supervisor: 3 years (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
 This individual must be an experienced standout with extensive knowledge in client relationship management, technical implementations, the project lifecycle, continuous improvement and automation of processes, as well as strategic approaches to managing clients and projects successfully.  Bachelors degree in business, science, or related field; advanced degree is preferred.  Experience managing direct reports and/or overseeing performance and personnel development.  At least seven (7) years experience in project management or related role(s) in the healthcare technology or Pharmaceutical industry; clinical trials knowledge is a must.  Must be self-directed, results-oriented coupled with strong attention to detail, strong people skills and good judgment.  Must possess strong client and vendor communication skills, with an ability to convey complex service project information and resolve project issues.  Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and prioritize in fast-paced, highly demanding environment.  Ability and willingness to roll up your sleeves to implement a cutting-edge clinical trial solution.  Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.  Ability to travel 20-30%.  Ability to effectively communicate in English.
 Experience: Direct Hire.  Experience / Software Development / Leadership / .
 Expertise related to the current state of data assets.  Education, skills and experience required.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related discipline.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Substantial experience in business analysis, use of data repositories, cataloguing, common data models, data standards, and analytic tools.  Strong system and business analytical skills with the ability to ask probing questions to elicit requirements and translate into documentable information.  Extensive experience in software requirements analysis and documentation.  Familiarity with programming, testing, software development, integration principles.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation.
 Ability to informally call on senior contacts for updates etc.  Ability to think outside the box in approaching problems to find innovative solutions.  Please apply by submitting a half page word document with your name, job title, line manager, location & key points & highlights on your skills and experience in relation to the role.  Ability to informally call on senior contacts for updates etc.  Ability to think outside the box in approaching problems to find innovative solutions.  Please apply by submitting a half page word document with your name, job title, line manager, location & key points & highlights on your skills and experience in relation to the role.
 Ability to informally call on senior contacts for updates etc.  Ability to think outside the box in approaching problems to find innovative solutions.  Please apply by submitting a half page word document with your name, job title, line manager, location & key points & highlights on your skills and experience in relation to the role.  Ability to informally call on senior contacts for updates etc.  Ability to think outside the box in approaching problems to find innovative solutions.  Please apply by submitting a half page word document with your name, job title, line manager, location & key points & highlights on your skills and experience in relation to the role.
Bachelor's Degree, or .  Masters Level Qualification, in Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering or related discipline is strongly preferred.  Minimum 8 years of progressive experience in the development and management of quality systems with a minimum of 5 years of developing, coaching and leading professionals.  Strong people management skills with the ability to positively influence and lead a team.  Experience in instilling organization change to drive Quality practices at all levels of the organization while balancing the needs of the business to focus on aggressive growth in a dynamic market.  Developing and managing a data analysis team by providing ongoing development, mentoring, and strong learning experiences that compliment both individual and corporate objectives.
8+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a productBachelor's Degree.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a product.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Bachelors degree7+ years Product management experience.  Experience working with engineering and/or on agile enabled teams.  To complement our complex algorithms and extensive data analyses, we create elevated and inspirational mobile and web features across the entire communication experience.  Experience team's Principal Product Manager will lead the design, development, and delivery of innovative approaches to educating customers about how they can do more with Alexa.  Excellent analytical and quantitative skills; strong bias towards data-based decision making.  Proven ability to understand complex business problems, apply strong analytical skill and create an effective strategyTechnical fluency; ability to understand and discuss architectural concepts, schedule tradeoffs and new opportunities with technical team members.  Strong communication and collaboration skills, with a proven ability to work across functions and influence senior leaders.  Excellent customer experience intuition; demonstrated success in creating innovative and user-friendly software applications and customer-facing featuresNimbleness and comfort with ambiguity; ability to respond rapidly to evolving threats and opportunities.  Proven ability to make smart features (customer experience) versus time-to-market trade-offs; experience using data and metrics to back up assumptions and assertions of business value.  Experience managing small to medium sized teams.  Product Delivery: Own your team's execution of the product roadmap, including business cases, user stories, experience design and rapid delivery in an Agile environmentCross-Functional Partnership: Foster tight partnerships with engineering, marketing and operationsCommunication: Proactively communicate your teams' plans and accomplishments and ensure alignment with senior leadershipBusiness Growth: Own delivery of product improvements that delight customers and contribute to accelerated customer engagementCustomer-centric: using customer insights to drive product and business decisions.  Strong bias for action; ability to juggle multiple priorities and create a sense of urgency in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Amazon Web Services broad set of AI services, combined with the capabilities of the rest of the AWS platform, allows customers to build intelligent applications without any machine learning experience.  Experience executing marketing campaigns aimed at developers.
 Professionally youll help us disrupt the recruitment advertising market and work on the most advanced technologies with experienced team members and from day one youll be challenged to take risks, while getting mentorship and support from the team.  Bachelors degree in business, marketing or related area2+ years of experience in recruitment advertising, staffing or employment branding, ideally supporting enterprise clients1+ year of experience supporting or working large hourly employers (e.  Salesforce) and MS Excel.  Proven ability to juggle multiple account management projects at a time, while maintaining sharp attention to detail.  Excellent oral and written communication skillsPreferred QualificationsBased in the Seattle metro area.  Ability to work evening hours (12 pm ??8 pm) and cover on-call shifts during peak seasonPandoLogic is committed to providing equal opportunity employment to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, citizenship, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Experience:sales: 1 year (Preferred)Recruitment advertising: 2 years (Required)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 MS in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Physics, or similar quantitative field.  Strong theoretical foundations in linear algebra, probability theory, optimization.  Strong programming skills in Python.  4+ years of hands-on experience in working with numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, pandas.  4+ years industry experience shipping production machine learning models.  Experience communicating projects to both technical and non-technical audiences.  Experience writing complex SQL queries.  You have deep experience with these things: logistic regression, gradient descent, regularization, cross-validation, overfitting, bias, variance, convex optimization, eigenvectors, relational databases, SQL, latency, computational complexity, sparse matrices.
 Bank is seeking a Senior Software Engineering Manager for our Digital Banking Platform (mobile and online banking) with design and development experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives.  We are super serious about application performance, complex and engaging UI and integrated experience across multiple applications.  You'll work closely with the engineers on your team as well Product, Design, QA and other partner teams to deliver well-engineered experiences that delight our customers.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent work experience10 or more years of experience with developing and implementing applicationsEight or more years of experience with major tasks, deliverables, formal methodologies and disciplines for delivering new or enhanced applications.  Preferred Skills/.  Experience.  Hands on experience developing native IOS, Android or web applicationsFive or more years of managerial experience.  Experience managing a front end development team.  Strong understanding on mobile design principles, patterns and best practices.  Strong analytical skills and ability to review code.  Proven experience in both small and medium size teams.  Proven ability to architect mobile application and adopt and improve existing architecture.  Strong collaboration skills with peers.  Strong object oriented programming and design skills.  Excellent communication skills written and verbal.  Good proven track record of development sustainable governance processes.  Experience leading in agile development teams.  Experience with HTML/JS / ReactNative is a strong plus.  Experience with Git, Scrum, Kanban.  Agile development experience.  Strong estimation and resource planning skills.  Ability to interact with Business line leaders and develop consensus and obtain buy in Banking experience.
 We are a profitable business with an entrepreneurial mindset, and throughout our history we have proven our commitment to investing for long-term horizons.  Enable jaw-dropping, seamless, and fully personalized customer experience.  The newly established CDO organization will consist of cross-functional product teams that sit in 5 domains (pricing/promotion/personalization, channel platform/digital advertising, core business/customer modeling, manufacturing/supply chain, E2E customer experience).  MSc/PhD in computer science, statistics, or operations research or related technical discipline (e.  Certifications in statistics, data mining and machine learning a plus.  5+ years of experience in a management role with direct people leadership.  10+ years of experience in a data science related field (e.  Familiarity with latest Data Science, Analytics and Technology trends and their impact on business strategies and operations.  Strong understanding of statistics, structured and unstructured data analysis, predictive modeling techniques and good command of emerging methodologies like Artificial Intelligence.  Customer Mindset: Ideally brings experience in serving and innovating on behalf of small business customers.  Driving Change: Highly trusted individual; excellent communication and interpersonal skills; experience with change management to help change mindsets and behaviors across the organization.  Ability to scale and devise processes that support fast, decentralized decision making.
Digital Cockpit team at NIO is responsible for defining digital experience in all NIOs premium smart EVs.  It designs and implements software and hardware to enable the ultimate living room experience for L2+/L4 vehicles.  The Software Platform team is responsible for bringing up and developing our next generation platform using the state-of-the-art processor, software, development tools on which other teams will develop and deliver the amazing user experience in the cockpit.  BS/MS Degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering.  5+ years experience managing a team of 5 or more people.  10+ years experience development embedded systems including experience as a software or system solutions architect.  Hands-on experience with system development and hardware product integration.  Experience delivering three or more major products to mass production.  Experience in Microcontrollers (32bits ARM core) architecture and design from scratch of a complete software product.  Great depth of experience in one or more RTOS (e.  Hands-on experience developing embedded software with RTOS or bare metal.  Hands-on experience with general Software Quality Assurance methodologies and Safety Critical embedded firmware (ISO26262 or other like IEC 61508, DO-178C).  Experience with multi-site development organization.  Experience in Software Development Lifecycle (e.  Experience using bug tracking systems (e.  Experience with code coverage and static analysis tools.  Excellent analytical and problems solving skills.  Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 The Microsoft Teams Calling, Meetings and devices (CMD) group is focused on brining intelligent, real-time connected/collaboration experiences across Web, Windows, Mac, iOS and Android Teams clients.  Additionally, this team is responsible for bringing these calling and meeting experiences to new hardware that gets used in conference rooms, personal and common area phones.  We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  We are looking for experienced Engineering Manager to help us lead this effort in making Teams Meeting a first class experience used by millions of people worldwide and building a high performance eng team.  10+ years of software development experience in at least one of the following languages: C++, C#, Java, TypeScript, AngularJS and/or ReactJS, or other OO language, out of which 4 years as EM.  BS Degree in CS or related engineering field.  Excellent architecture and services skills.  Strong passion for delivering high quality, large scale services.  Ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies and adopt solution from within the company or from the Open Source community.  Experience with deploying, running and maintaining large scale services.
 Customers experience tremendous cost savings and create competitive advantages by developing custom applications in days and weeks versus months and years, despite a shortage of skilled developers.  Reporting to the Global Head of Field and Partner Marketing, the ideal candidate is a strong leader with proven field marketing accomplishments, thrives on making data-driven decisions and has extensive knowledge of developing scalable programs that generate brand awareness, create net new opportunities and accelerate/grow pipeline.  10-15 years experience in field marketing or equivalent role in B2B enterprise software marketing.  Proven success in leading teams and executing programs that drive and accelerate demand, across a broad range of channels, including events, campaigns, digital, online and with / through partners.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Experience developing regional partner relationships and executing partner marketing programs.  Hands on experience in Marketo and SaleForce are a plus, but must have familiarity with analyzing lead and pipeline data.  Strong project management skills and proven ability to manage numerous diverse and cross functional projects.  Bachelor's Degree with a Marketing or Business focus preferred.
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  CDAR partners with business, technology, operational and customer experience leaders across the company to develop relevant advanced analytical and technological capabilities to understand, predict, manage, resolve and report customer dissatisfaction across the company.  The Business Support Manager 3 (BSM3) will lead a team responsible for performing complex operational reviews of customer journeys.  The team collects information and identifies the root cause of customer problems and challenges that result in complaints and makes assessments of broader customer impacts and provides recommendations for corrective actions necessary to improve the customer experience.  The BSM3 will also be responsible for supporting management in the day-to-day supervision of a Research teams supporting one or more LOBs.  May assist with documenting an end to end analysis of customer experience related to the emergence of customer complaints.  Ability to perform and manage in a matrixed environment.  4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: administrative support, project management, implementation, business operations or strategic planning.  1+ year of management experience.  Ability to exercise independent judgment to identify and resolve problems.  Ability to organize and present analysis in a holistic manner for management decisions.  Ability to perform advanced research and complex evaluations.  Ability to take initiative, identify opportunities and implement change.  Strong analytical skills with ability to draw conclusions and translate findings.  10+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: Operational organizations focused on continued process excellence, optimizing customer service, customer contact, operations, or operational risk.  Experience working at an Enterprise level.  Ability to travel up to 25% of the time.  Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
 Skills Required:.  Strong knowledge of Computer Vision, Machine Learning with a focus in Deep Learning, and general Artificial Intelligence algorithms is required).  Expertise In Programming Languages (Python/C++/Java).  Experience building "full" solutions.  Ability To Grasp New Concepts Quickly.
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Substantial proficiency with requirements management & system modeling tools.  Ability to recognize various architectural patterns, apply them appropriately, understand strengths/weaknesses within those architectures and develop architectural variations as necessary.
 We need an experienced energy-oriented Project Manager to lead a 4-person team.  15+ years of progressive and relevant experience.  Experience in change management and strategic planning.  Experience with data analytics and data science.  Experience with electric utility and generation.  Experience with hydropower generation.  Experience with wholesale electricity marketing.  Bachelor's degree.
 Familiarity with parenting and/or edtech: while many of us are parents, its certainly not a requirement. 5-10 years of experience in content marketing which includes expertise in creating content for social virality, marketing content in multiple forms, across multiple channels such as email, organic search, and paid syndication: we are seeking the right experience and can adjust seniority.  Strong editorial background: we have a wonderful team of writers and editors, but need your insight into how to structure content that gets people interested and engaged.  Experience:Content Marketing: 5 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required).
 Education, skills and experience required.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related discipline.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Solid experience in data asset management and data ownership - Band E.  Experience programming, testing, or supporting software development and integrations for the on-boarding, cataloguing and management of data assets.  Extensive experience working with IT partners in the implementation of data asset management projects.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation.
 Required education, skills and experience.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related discipline.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Substantial experience in data curation, data linkage, pooled data sets, etc.  Extensive experience working with IT partners in the implementation of curation projects.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation artifacts related to data standards implementation & curation.  Desirable skills and experience.  Experience in designing and implementing curation plans to add value to data.  Experience in designing and implementing change management processes involving varied partners.
 Expertise related to the current state of data assets.  Education, skills and experience required.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related discipline.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Solid experience in business analysis and working with data repositories, catalogues, common data models, data standards, data landscape scanning, and analytic tools.  Strong system and business analytical skills with the ability to ask probing questions to elicit requirements and translate into documentable information.  Experience programming, testing, or supporting software development and integrations.  Extensive experience in software requirements analysis and documentation.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation.
 Master Degree in Science/Business;.  5 years of experience in Software Technology and Software as a Service (SaaS) product companies;.  Proven business acumen;.  Proven ability to work in a large international company with a matrix organization;.  Proven ability to drive measurable outcomes with virtual teams;.  Experienced leadership, communication and displaying interpersonal skills to lead cross-functional, multi-cultural teams as well as business partnerships;.  Strong drive for results and delivery of objectives;.  Experience with Health Information Technology products / ecosystems preferred;.  Proven product experience managing and delivering software solutions in Agile, Cloud and DevOps environments;.  Exposure to managing Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning based products / offerings is highly desired;.  Experience with radiology / cardiology or medical device product domains is a plus.
 Experience with sourcing and negotiating contracts with third party software developers, Tier-1 SaaS and service suppliers, and vendor management in a global IT organizationResponsible for negotiations for best possible cost service guarantee and develop win-win strategies that achieve sustainable relationships with suppliersDevelop and implement sourcing and developer selection strategy domestically and internationally.  Experience with custom application software developmentIdentify and manage IT sourcing initiatives and opportunities through data analysis to identify opportunities to drive value through improved supply market solutionsTake overall responsibility for the strategic sourcing management goals of the company and implement action items to ensure that those goals are achievedManage and mentor offsite contractors, encouraging professional growth & developmentPlan, implement and execute strategic sourcing methodology, processes and eventsProvide IT strategic sourcing project leadership to achieve goals and targetsBecome a Subject Matter .  Expert in order to collaborate with stakeholders across divisions to develop IT category sourcing requirements and supplier evaluation criteriaContinuously improve productivity and efficiency of processes throughout the operational organizationQualifications:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related discipline, .  Masters degree is preferred5+ years experience leading teams and projects. Direct experience managing and building offsite developers and teams.  Demonstrated project management experience, professional certification is preferred.  Strong understanding of Project Management Methodology.  Ability to manage projects and establish clear goals and accountabilities to ensure successful delivery (on time, within budget, meeting agreed upon success criteria)Advanced systems skills and working knowledge of MS Office, with advanced Excel knowledge.  Must have excellent presentation and communication skills.
Vantage has over 20 years of experience in Artificial Intelligence and natural language learning research and development. Ensuring that all program services and products are of high quality, completed on time and delivered on budget쨌 Identifying and addressing staffing and resource needsProviding client support in areas directly related to provided servicesDeveloping processes and/or leveraging existing programs to manage workflowCreating and maintaining process documentationDetermining quarterly and annual content operations goalsSubmitting weekly reports, including updates on work completed and project statusesProviding feedback and enhancement suggestions to current applicationsMaintaining documentation and recordsMiscellaneous duties as assigned*Qualifications/Skills: 혻*Graduate Degree is strongly preferred.  Strong leadership skills; minimum of 5 years of experience managing a team related to Content and Assessment ServicesPrevious experience within the education industry is required.  Strong understanding of national and state standardsAttention to detail and a strong commitment to quality.  Excellent prioritization and multi-tasking skills.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent presentation skills.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office productsCan work well individually or as part of a team.  Strong time management skills and the ability to multitask effectivelyTeaching experience preferredVantage Learning is an Equal Opportunity EmployerJob Type: Full-time.
 This classification requires prior advanced computer support experience, moderate networking experience, and moderate cloud server experience.  3-5 years of working experience troubleshooting and resolving issues related to multi diverse technology environment including printers, projectors, ipads, video conference, MacBooks, Windows, and Chromebooks.  2-3 years of working experience in systems/network, wireless administration/troubleshooting, including VLAN configuration, static or dynamic routing, skilled at subnetting, DHCP/static reservations management, firewall routing, DNS/QOS management, web/application content filtering, cloud server management, wireless management, and establishing multi-site and or to cloud VPN.  Ability to travel to travel to the schools in your assigned region.  Experience configuring, repairing, and administering technology tools.  Moderate understanding of systems administration; experience administering Google Apps or other software systems including Jamf is a plus.  Ability to be a liaison between those who speak tech and those who use tech.  Ability to communicate effectively in person, via videoconference, and via email across multiple regions.  Must be a good listener and enjoy collaboration with teammates with diverse opinions and backgrounds.  Commensurate with qualifications and experience, plus excellent health and welfare benefits, 403b retirement plan, flexible spending account (FSA), and generous paid time off.
 Expertise related to the legal & ethical review processes involving Informed Consent, legal holds etc.  Education, skills and experience required.  Relevant degree in Information/Data Science, Computer Science, Informatics, IT, or other related discipline.  Experience in the pharma and the life sciences sector.  Solid experience in legal & ethical review of data and hands-on implementation processes.  Extensive experience working with IT partners in the implementation of data tagging projects.  Ability to learn new tools and technologies.  Experience in creating system and user documentation.
 You will lead a team of dynamic and talented Information Security professionals who want to learn from your experience and skills.  Experience with data protection techniques and tools such as encryption, tokenization, cloud access security brokers, .  Experience with open source and big data platform technologies such as Hadoop, Kafka, SQL, ELK, .  Experience in data science tools and methods such as Python, .  Experience in Offensive and or Defensive Security techniques, .  Experience in a regulated environment, Financial services industry experience is a plus.  Bachelor's degree.  At least 10 years of experience in Information Technology.  At least 5 years of experience leading a technical security team.  Masters degree or PhD.  10+ years of combined experience with Data and/or Security Architecture, Data Security, and big data technologies.  8+ years of experience performing security risk assessments, and security consulting.  5+ years of experience leading teams of information security professionals.  5+ years experience with threat modeling.  2+ years experience in securing a public cloud environments and services (e.  2+ years experience utilizing Agile methodologies within DevOps environments.
 Are you a detail-oriented program manager who is passionate about learning new marketing tools and methodologies? We are looking for a self-starter with proven program management experience to join our team.  7-10 years of corporate B2B marketing experience.  Bachelors degree in marketing, communications, public relations or business.  Proven program/project management skills along with an aptitude to work collaboratively with cross-functional business teams.  Strong analytical thinking skills.  Excellent communication and writing skills.  Experience Manager (AEM), Eloqua, Marketo as well as web analysis tools (Adobe Analytics and Ahref) is a plus.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office solutions.
AI is looking for a hands-on technical Head of Data Science & AI solution development in the Healthcare and Medical domain, who has proven hands-on experience in developing AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Science solutions and delivering client projects in Healthcare and Medical domain. Requirements15+ years of proven hands-on, technical leadership and project delivery experience in Technology, Healthcare and Medical domains.  Proven track record of developing and delivering innovating AI, Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Science solutions & client projects in Healthcare and Medical domains.  Experience with AI, Machine Learning projects with Medical Imaging, Electronic Health Records (EHR), Data Analytics etcHands-on coding experience with the latest AI, ML, Deep Learning tools and frameworks such as Google TensorFlow, Scikit-learn, Keras, Numpy, Pandas, Apache Spark, SparkML, Scala, Hadoop, Java, Python, ProgR, AWS, Cloud computing etc.  Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) or other cloud platforms like Google Cloud or Microsoft Azure and their big data and Machine Learning services such as AWS Sagemaker, Elastic Map Reduce (EMR), Apache Spark etcHighly self motivated.  Excellent leadership skills.  Excellent communication skills.  Masters Degree or PhD.
 Use demonstrated successful experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, and/or Image Recognition.  Experience.  Typically requires a minimum of 15 years of related experience with a .  Masters degree; or a PhD with 8 years experience; or equivalent experience.  Computer Skills.  Experience with standard programming concepts, best-practices, and procedures.
, people, process, systems and tools) to deliver a best-in-class customer experience while building effective and efficient delivery methodologies.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: The successful candidate will have at least 5-8 years experience in project management and leading implementation teams. A bachelors degree in engineering or computer science is required; optics experience is a plus.  Excellent organizational, oral and written communication skills also required to understand customer needs and develop them into project plans.  Whether you are an experienced professional or recent graduate, please check our current openings for the opportunity to work on engaging and dynamic industry leading projects in the machine vision industry.  Experience:Project Management: 5 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Louisville, CO 80027 (Required)Work Location:One locationSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 GLOBALFOUNDRIES seeks an experienced Director for its Market Intelligence team.  The ideal candidate has Semiconductor industry experience.  Bachelors Degree in Semiconductor-related discipline.  10 or more years of experience in the Semiconductor industry.  5 or more years of experience creating detailed financial models at both the industry and company level.  Strong verbal and visual presentation skills.  Masters Degree and or PhD in Semiconductor-related discipline.  Experienced speaker at industry level conferences and workshops.  Experience working with international and diverse teams and with multiple levels of management.
 Experience:.  Bachelors and nine (9) years or more experience; .  Masters and seven (7) years or more experience ; PhD or JD and four (4) years or more experience.  Required Skills:.  Must effectively communicate with high-level Military, Government, and Contractor personnel.  Solid MS Word and PowerPoint skills.  Ability to see a problem and identify solutions.
 Required Skills.  Project Management experience in a software development environment with modern technology stacks, including Java, React,js, Node.  Agile experience, (Kanban preferred),.  Experience with Jira and Confluence.  Project experience with modern Cloud Systems and Game Engine development.  Ability to coach the team to reach their highest potential.  Bonus Skills.  Experience managing blended teams of in house and out sourced developers.
 Proficient hands on experience with vulnerability Management and remediation.  Experience with ServiceNow a plus.  2-5 years network engineering experience.  7-10 years of experience in a large organization.  Minimum 5 years project management experience.  Strong verbal and written communications skills.
Business Development ManagerGoX Labs is looking for an experienced sales professional, driven by results and achieving goals.  ?쮇ou have excellent communication and listening skills, demonstrate proficiency in consultative selling.  Experience managing relationships with established key strategic partners or key opinion leaders.  Ability to plan and prioritize daily tasks/responsibilities.
 5+ years of experience with machine learning, data science, or data engineering.  2+ years of experience with natural language processing (NLP) model or deep learning (DL) model building.  Experience with scripting languages, including Python and ProgR, and using packages used in machine learning applications or advanced data analytics.  Ability to lead teams of data scientists and technical consultants in project-based areas.  Ability to articulate workflows and explain technical concepts to non-technical audiences.  MA or MS degree.  Experience with a wide variety of machine learning tools, including Elsticsearch, Keras, TensorFlow, and Caffee.  Experience with extraction, transformation, and loading (ETL) processes and tools.  Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment.
We're looking for a strong leader with PBM testing, test automation and quality experience to join our growing Testing Center of Excellence! Now is the time to join the company that's helping people on their path to better health: CVS Health!.  Experience and Member .  Experience meet or exceed their expectations using test automation tools.  Drives automation tooling adoption, optimization, and the implementation of new automation approaches using proven technology.  Look for continuous improvements to the overall process to optimize and improve the performance and member experience on pharmacy claims.  Create and maintain swim lane diagram, facilitate playbook for maintenance, and single source of truth for current configuration on respective clients and give directions/experienced knowledge to peers on benefits configuration, RxClaim adjudication system and testing methodology.  Knows the importance of sharing ideas and experiences, driving engagement, actively involving people.  10+ years of experience in PBM, managed care or HealthcareAt least 3 years of demonstrated leadership experience, coaching and mentoring high performing teams, with a preference for experience leading teams linked to benefit operations in the requirements and configuration for PBM implementations or similar field within a healthcare/PBM industryAt least 5 years of experience driving process re-engineering, improvement and automation initiatives and experience in leading teams and organizations.  Experience with technologies and frameworks in the areas of artificial intelligence, machine learning or automation.  Experience in partnering with the Business Intelligence and Data Science teams and experience driving organizational data strategy.  Experience with regular and consistent interaction with key business stakeholders and senior leaders in IT and other functions.  Equivalent experience may be considered.  We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success.  In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.  We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities.
10+ years of highly technical and analytical IT experience. 5+ years of design & implementation experience with distributed applications.  Experience with IoT, streaming, edge computing technologies. experience in the Automotive industry or in consulting with customers in the Automotive industry.  Experience with emerging connected, autonomous vehicle paradigms will be an important distinguishing element to be successful in this role.  Experience with the cloud isn't a requirement but familiarity with it impact on the automotive industry is valuable.  Experience with MQQT, Blackberry QNX, and/or over-the-air (OTA) software. An advanced degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics.  Experience working within software development for SaaS applications.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud. 3+ years of experience building and designing solutions that run in virtualized environments.  Experience with architecting and implementing Connected Vehicle solutions, Vehicle Data Management, Manufacturing and/or Quality Systems using Advanced Analytics (Data Mining, Machine Learning, Prediction techniques for quality).  Excellent understanding of advanced analytic techniques such as machine learning models, deep learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision, and the application of these analytic approaches to autonomous vehicle software development workloads.  Experience presenting to both large and small audiences (Executives, IT Management, and developers).  Strong written and verbal communications skills, across internal and external organizations.
10+ years of Business development experience in cloud-based technology solutions7+ years of experience working with US Public Sector clients. 5+ years of experience delivering strategic value through unique relationships with startup firms, tech vendors, academia, VCs, CVCs, and incubators/accelerators.  Experience in marketing/selling emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Quantum Computing as applied to Smart Cities, Health, Space and Immersive/Experiential applications.  Experienced with account management (Enterprise, SMB and startup) and solution selling ability. Startup board advisory and mentorship experience specifically in technical and go-to-market guidance.  Experience with piloting joint solutions with startup firms to test new product/capability offerings for specific Public Sector applications is highly desired.  Experience selling and/or marketing leading-edge, cloud-based health and/or space solutions to Public Sector customers is highly desired.  Proven track record of taking ownership and driving results.  Ability to effectively lead and work with a variety of organizations, management levels, cultures, and personalities.  Experience collaborating with both technical and non-technical stakeholders across multiple teams.
 Bachelor's degree in Business, Engineering, Science, Law, technical discipline, or related field.  Experience in Pharmaceutical or Medical Product Industry.  10+ years of leadership experience required.  Experience in negotiating and correspondence with regulatory agency personnel (e.  Experience with medical regulatory testing standards.  Experience.  Ability to comprehend principles of Engineering and medical device use.  Strong cross-functional team collaboration.  Training and Skills:.
 Experienced Power BI Platform .  Expert, Architect, and administrator to support and maintain the Power BI platform with multiple subscription models (Embedded, Premium, and Pro licenses).  Experience with Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, DAX and SQL.  5+ years Power BI experience in MS Power BI connection types (Oracle direct, Azure SQL data warehouse, ODBC), configurations and data flows (power query).  Current experience in administering Power BI permissions, roles, security and securing data layers based on specific identifiers such as role and/or agency.  Experience in creating SSAS tabular models.  Experience to connect to and transform data in Power BI.  Experience producing Power BI data models and recommending best practices for the creation of reports and graphics/visualizations.  Experience with enterprise BI solution development using Azure components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake.  Hands-on experience with enterprise business intelligence solution data modeling, data mart and data warehouse architecture.  The position calls for a seasoned IT professional with leadership qualities and background with 10+ years' experience in IT.  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience.
 We are seeking an experienced Product Manager to join the TeraRecon team.  Expert, gather competitive intelligence, represent Voice of the Customer and maintain Luminary sites.  3-5 year experience as an Advanced Visualization Product Manager is required.  Agile Product Owner or Scrum Master experience, certification preferred.  Experience in managing/developing solutions in a regulated Medical Device environment with 510k submissions.  Strong understanding of Medical Imaging and standards, as they apply to medical informatics.  Clinical and Managerial experience in cross sectional imaging CT,MRI and or PET.  International business experience.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent Industry experience required (Registered Technologist).  Master Degree preferred.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 Minimum Requirements: PhD, or foreign equivalent, in Statistics, Economics or related field; plus 3 years experience as a Research Statistician, Data Scientist, Research Analyst or related, including the following which may be gained concurrently: 3 years applying statistical methods to research in an academic environment using STATA, ProgR, and Scripting; demonstrated record of publishing research reports and working papers; and demonstrated ability to develop and deliver technology training workshops.
 5+ years of customer success experience in services organization preferred.  Ability to develop strong relationships with internal and external contacts.  Highly organized, consistently positive and self-directed with proven ability to manage and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast paced start-up environment.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills is essential.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 Exelons Team Digital aims to rapidly deliver reliable and innovative products and services that enable the business and enhance our customers experience.  Must follow organizations established PM standards and governance.  Be familiar and experienced with Waterfall and Agile Project methodologies.  Bachelors degree in Project Management, Informational Systems, Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited University and 3 - 5 years project management or related experience.  Ability to work independently and as a team leader including the ability to handle conflicting priorities in a multi-tasking environment.  Masters degree in Project Management, Informational Systems, Computer Science (or related advanced technical degree) or Business Administration.  Demonstrated experience managing internal teams and external System Integrators to successfully deliver projects.  Experience with customer facing solutions related to innovative technologies such as Azure Web Apps, mobile apps, consumer wearables (Apple/Samsung Watch), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine learning (ML), voice assistants, Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality (VR) and SmartHome services.  Experience using Agile and SAFe methodologies and frameworks to delivering projects.  PMI-PMP, PMI-ACP, Agile and SAFe Certifications.  Experience with assisting large-scale agile transformation and organizational change efforts.
 5-7 years of project management experience in the one of the fields below is desired:.  BS Degree in Engineering discipline required.  Experience in the transportation or rail/railroad industry a plus.
 Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Are you up to the challenge of GDMS.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Electrical Engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience.  Proven, effective leadership skills to guide work groups and programs to successful completion.  Expert understanding of the organizationally defined electrical processes throughout the lifecycle of the program or project.  Ability to travel as needed.  Ability to serve as a consultant to management team and customers on projects.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 5 years experience in selling healthcare IT software solutions with medical imaging workflow and advanced 3D visualization experience strongly preferred.  At least 3 years of experience selling VNA, PACS, CT, MR, PET, Universal Viewers, Web Viewers, Enterprise Medical Image Viewers and/or advanced visualization/3D solutions.  The ideal candidate may also have experience in Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence, with a focus on Diagnostic Imaging.  Strong interpersonal, organizational and communication skills are required.  The ideal candidate will have experience working with luminaries, c-level decision makers and administrators with a professional style which includes high integrity, optimism and energy.  Bachelors degree or higher or equivalent experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 5 years experience in selling healthcare IT software solutions with medical imaging workflow and advanced 3D visualization experience strongly preferred.  At least 3 years of experience selling VNA, PACS, CT, MR, PET, Universal Viewers, Web Viewers, Enterprise Medical Image Viewers and/or advanced visualization/3D solutions.  The ideal candidate may also have experience in Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence, with a focus on Diagnostic Imaging.  Strong interpersonal, organizational and communication skills are required.  The ideal candidate will have experience working with luminaries, c-level decision makers and administrators with a professional style which includes high integrity, optimism and energy.  Bachelors degree or higher or equivalent experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 5 years experience in selling healthcare IT software solutions with medical imaging workflow and advanced 3D visualization experience strongly preferred.  At least 3 years of experience selling VNA, PACS, CT, MR, PET, Universal Viewers, Web Viewers, Enterprise Medical Image Viewers and/or advanced visualization/3D solutions.  The ideal candidate may also have experience in Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence, with a focus on Diagnostic Imaging.  Strong interpersonal, organizational and communication skills are required.  The ideal candidate will have experience working with luminaries, c-level decision makers and administrators with a professional style which includes high integrity, optimism and energy.  Bachelors degree or higher or equivalent experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 Experience in a technology sales, business operations, chief of staff role.  Experience scaling B2B products in a competitive market.  Experience working with enterprise sales cycles and sales teams.  Experience working across functions including engineering, product management, sales, and marketing.  Experience leading projects from inception to completion.  Experience working with 3D content, cloud computing, or AI/ML technologies.  Experience in sales as a Solutions Engineer, Solutions Architect, or similar role.  Unity is the creator of the world's leading real-time 3D development platform, giving users the most powerful and accessible tools to create, operate, and monetize experiences for the real-time world.  Made with Unity experiences reach nearly 3 billion devices worldwide and have been installed more than 34 billion times in the last 12 months.  If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
 The Head of Bioinformatics position requires a proven track record of developing and implementing the bioinformatics and data analysis platform of a complex, integrated organization.  A successful candidate will have extensive experience with large-scale data analysis, next generation sequencing, gene expression analysis, and a thorough understanding of statistical evaluation, including but not limited to:.  Strong programming skills (such as ProgR, Python, etc. ) with experience developing clearly communicated and reproducible methods and tools. Some experience or familiarity with gene therapy and/or AAV vectors is strongly preferred.  Know what skills, experiences and capabilities are needed to achieve current and future business goals.  Consciously create a team with diverse backgrounds, experiences, skill sets and perspectives.  Typically has 10+ years of hands-on experience in bioinformatics analysis, ideally within the field of gene therapy.  Strong background in programming languages and statistical analysis.  Experience with bioinformatics analysis of AAV vectors and gene therapy is strongly preferred.  Extensive experience with next-generation sequencing (NGS) analysis of DNA (ChIP-seq, ATAC-seq) and gene expression (RNA-seq), barcoding, high throughput screening and other enabling technologies.  Strong background in programming languages and statistical analysis platforms (such as ProgR, Python, SAS) and statistical evaluation and database software (such as JMP, SPSS, SQL, etc).  Expertise building bioinformatics data analysis infrastructure.  Experience managing external collaborations.  Excellent communication skills (both oral and written).  Strong data organizational skills and familiarity with database management.  Strong publication record is a plus.  Senior level role with demonstrated experience.  Expertise.
 A track record of research excellence and previous leadership experience in academic medicine is required.  Experience.  Demonstrated excellence in attracting, recruiting and developing world-class scientific and clinical leaders, team building, vision and strategy setting, and execution of multi-faceted decisions are important components of the leadership experience sought in this recruitment.  Ability to run a busy integrated and matrixed clinical practice is required.  Ability to innovate, lead boldly, develop, implement and promote integrative research & practice activities across the shields in a rapidly growing and changing organization is required.  Must be board-certified in their medical specialty.
 Experience/Skills/Attributes:.  Experience managing 50+ program staff including direct labor, subcontractors and suppliers across multiple functional areas.  Ability to conduct management and contract discussions in coordination with internal cross-functional teams.  Experience in personnel management.  Ability to escalate program issues to management for assistance.  Ability to act independently while routinely being reviewed for soundness of judgment and overall quality and content.  Experience dispositioning disparate requirements and priorities.  Ability to develop and document new processes and procedures.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Experience/Skills/Attributes:.  Experience with ISO-2000 or equivalent.  Experience:.  Bachelors and ten (15) years or more of related experience.  Compensation will be commensurate with education and experience.  Ability to Obtain a Secret with an upgrade to a Top Secret clearance, if needed.
Responsibilities: Identify opportunities and lead the sales efforts in with leading Telecom, Healthcare, Pharma and technology corporationsDefine and execute sales plans for assigned accounts, meet and exceed sales goals (quotas) through prospecting, qualifying, managing and closing sales opportunitiesPosition our services in a manner that Ducen gains mind-share with the client and improve our ability to attract quality business with a view to accelerate revenue generationProvide product demonstrations and support to prospective customersKeep up with the trends and developments in the Canadian Telecom Financial and technology sectors and bring that understanding to the client business and its impact to their organizationManage, track and report prospect and customer information through the sales management systemQualifications: Be regarded as an industry expert by the client and as an individual who 'speaks their language'Have around 7-10 years of selling enterprise software, prior experience of BI & Analytics sales for the Large and SMB marketsPrior experience with business intelligence, analytics, data, databases preferred. Bachelor's Degree with a technical or business focus preferredBe enthusiastic and passionate about your work to bring new customers and maximize revenueYou are rigorous, independent and enjoy working in a global environmentMust possess excellent customer interaction and people management skills as well as strong presentation skillsBe a team player, willing to mentor, reasonable travelHigh degree of familiarization and expertise in key products and practices relevant to the industry.  Experience:Sales in IT: 7 years (Preferred)Sales and Business Development: 8 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:CommissionWork Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Health insuranceVision insuranceSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Yes.
 You have experience in product strategy, development and marketing with past enterprise software delivery experience.  15+ years of experience in Product Management / Product Marketing / Program Management / Consulting with large organizations.  Ability to credibly engage with senior architects and developers at client organizations.  Experience selling and marketing applications and software to large enterprises, including at the executive level.  Experience collaborating in cross-functional teams.  Experience delivering marketing launches of enterprise software.  Ability to manage up, down and across the organization to get desired outcomes.  Excellent communication skills.  Excellent project management skills.  Excellent data analysis skills.
 Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities inclcuding: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.  Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related field.  10+ years relevant technical experience in full stack development with emphasis in cloud engineering and analytics or machine learning.  5+ years experience architecting analytics and AI/ML solutions using AWS, Google Cloud and MS Azure.  Experience with database systems including one or more of the RDBMS (Redshift, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, SQL Server 2012 &above).  5+ hands-on experience with the following program languages ??Shell, scripting Python, Javascript, Java, C++.  Experience with leveraging AI/ML services around Symantic Search, NLP, Machine Translation/Transcription, MLOps, Speech to Text and Text to Speech.  Experience implementing and leveraging DevOps tools such as ??Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Github or Bitbucket, Jfrog Artifactory.  Demonstrated experience in technology vendor negotiations with cited impacts to strategic direction and in-line production products.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to build relationships, influence outcomes, and to deliver effective presentations to a variety of audiences.  Experience with SDLC and agile software development methods.  Presentation Skills: .  Ability to develop visually simple and appealing PowerPoint presentations and be comfortable with articulating and communicating with the right authority and messaging to a broad range of stakeholders.  Ability to work across different time zones effectively.
 15+ years of solution development or related experience as a solution architect specifically with a Defense federal government contractor.  Bachelors degree in engineering, computer science or related technical discipline.  Must have demonstrated experience developing, solutioning, and/or leading the development and solutioning of winning solutions for new and re-compete business pursuits, capture activities and proposal efforts starting at $250M TCV.  Must have strong working knowledge and mastery of current technologies and capabilities employed in the Federal Government space, including and not limited to, Cloud, Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Robotic Process Automation, and various Software Development methodologies spanning Agile to Waterfall and hybrids thereof.  Must have experience working front-end solutioning with clients to include assessing needs from requirements (SOW, SOO, PWS, other Draft material), good communication and relationship skills, determining pain points and key client needs, etc.  Must have participated in, authored and preferably led as a Solution Architect, the development of the Technical and/or Management Volume of large proposals for the Federal Government.  Use of a standard Shipley-type proposal approach is required and demonstrated FedSim experience is a bonus.  Professional experience operating within cross-functional teams and groups, including technical, development, acquisition, contracts, program management.
 Qualifications and Skills:.  Minimum 5 years experience in program management with strong technical engineering expertise, preferably with medical device and hardware/technology products as well as consumer health products.  Experience with working with contract manufacturers outside the US.  Must have excellent documentation and document control skills.  Must have excellent planning and organization skills.  Must have strong demonstrated teamwork skills.  Ability to manage resources across different internal and cross-organizational groups to get things done.  Statistical process control and process improvement experience.  Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect product information, investigate product or process issues, conduct robust risk assessments, etc.  Substantial experience in project management process, methods and tools; PM certifications are a plus.  Ability to articulate and document objectives, progress and issues effectively to technical and nontechnical audiences.
 We have an immediate opening for an experienced manager and intelligence educator to support a wide range of analytic and operational training requirements.  Required Skills:.  Bachelors degree in a related field, at least 10 years of combined management of intelligence analysis or operations, and at least 5 years as an intelligence educator or manager.  Knowledge of and experience in training artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning techniques and cases.  Strong analytic, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving and interpersonal skills.  Experience drafting cables and other intelligence-related documentation.  Knowledge of analytical tools and methodologies used within the national security community.  Desired Skills:.  Experience supporting and/or managing counterterrorism-related collection and analysis operations.  Watchlisting management and technical experience supporting terrorist identity operations, and engagement with watchlisting components within the IC.
 The Principal Systems Engineer will assist in the preparation of detailed simulation plans, which may include developing task objectives, determining expected output, budget requirements and developing the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS).  Experience & Skills:.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Physics, Math, or Computer Science.  Eight (8) years of applied work experience programming in a compiled language, such as C++, Java, or Fortran (C++ preferred).  Eight (8) years professional experience developing software models of physical systems, physics, and/or hardware environments related to systems components.  Experience using tools such as MATLAB or Python for data analysis.  Experience using UNIX/Linux based workstations.  Experience using EO/IR or radar scene generation capabilities.  Must have an existing Department of Defense issued Secret Security clearance.  Must be willing to relocate to Huntsville, AL (comprehensive relocation package available).  Experience & Skills:.  Advanced Degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Physics, or Math.  Professional experience developing applications for General Purpose GPUs (GPGPUs).  Experience developing applications using Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence.  Leadership experience managing others as a technical lead, team lead or similar lead role involving applied system engineering and analysis.  Experience in radar, signal & image processing, digital communications, estimation theory, optimal control, system architecture, inertial navigation, or guidance theory.  Experience with simulation development in a Computer-in-the-Loop or Hardware-in-the-Loop environment.  Strong problem solving skills and the ability to analyze and understand overall system performance to aid in model integration and troubleshooting.  Knowledge of Software Configuration Management tools (Github, Subversion, Rational Team Concept, Synergy).  Practical experience with Earned Value Management System (EVMS), major Gates cycles (Preliminary Design Review, Critical Design Review, etc), and/or proposal and Basis of Estimates development.
 The ideal candidate will have experience working within a team environment and will be able to perform in a high-pressure environment with tight deadlines and multiple deliverables.  Currently pursuing a BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related Technology Management field.  Strong problem-solving, analytical, multitasking and time management skills.  Ability to work both collaboratively and independently.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite.  Experience in programming (e.  Ability to work in a fluid/fast-paced environment with constant change and with the ability to follow direction/instructions.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 Must have the confidence to act quickly and decisively when the market requires such agility.  Strong verbal, presentation and written communications skills.  Proven ability to navigate ambiguity and collaborate with other functional leaders to provide positive outcomes.  12+ years of experience as a software developer, lead and architect.  At least 6 years experience as a software architect at a consumer services company delivering solutions running in Cloud infrastructure, preferably AWS.  Experience with large scale e-commerce platforms and highly available distributed systems.  Deep experience architecting and scaling 24x7 business to consumer services.  Demonstrated experience leading the development of complex web applications (Java, LAMP, C#, Memcache, MongoDB, Oracle, MySQL, Hadoop, iOS, HTML5).  Required to have experience designing and deploying consumer-facing applications.  Experience in Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.  Expert knowledge of technical architecture best practices.  Solid experience in: MemCache, MongoDB, Hadoop, big data, message queuing.  Has experience on Enterprise-wide architecture governance boards.
 Equiscript is seeking an experienced candidate to serve in the role of Senior Director of Data and Analytics (SDDA).  Evidence of strong leadership and communication skills at a C- or board level.  Experience in information management projects and programs.  Familiarity with big data solutions.  Familiarity with data governance and quality control.  Experience with creating best practices and methodologies for technical projects.  Experience managing technical teams.  Understanding of and experience building business cases for large technical projects.  Familiarity with data modelling and visualization techniques.  Strong business experience in the field.  Experience:.  Bachelors or graduate degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, or a related field.  5-8 years of experience working with data analytics teams to provide reporting, analysis, modeling, and strategic insight.  Experience with a variety of analytics platforms and database programming languages (i.  Experience in integrating complex, inter-departmental processes and information strategies, and/or designing strategic metrics and scorecards required.  Experience running data analytics teams using the latest data mining, machine learning and/or artificial intelligence techniques required.  Hands-on experience with implementing data management programs preferred.  Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and the ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.  Computer Skills:.  Ability to write and tune SQL queries.  Advanced Database/warehouse/lake knowledge; Master Data Management (MDM) applications; and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL/ELT) tool.  Strong company culture based on teamwork and healthy competition.
 10-15 years of experience in information technology or a business function related to IT Infrastructure & Operations.  Extensive project management experience required.  Varied experience across IT infrastructure components (server, storage, network, ITSM, data center, collaboration, desktop, cloud (IaaS/PaaS/SaaS) etc.  Experience managing teams of 20 to 50+ IT resources.  Experience with setting up and managing global IT managed services.  Experience managing distributed and global, 7X24 computer operations.  Experience planning and managing annual IT budgets of $10M+.  Experience defining IT infrastructure strategy / roadmaps.  Experience developing and supporting cloud based application solutions.  ITIL Foundation certification and extensive experience with ITIL based IT Service Delivery.  Demonstrated experience improving infrastructure & operations processes and reducing TCO.  Experience managing a global infrastructure & operations organization (Americas, Europe & Asia) is highly desired.  BS/BA or equivalent experience; a degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering or Business Administration is preferred.
 Experienced Power BI Platform .  Expert, Architect, and administrator to support and maintain the Power BI platform with multiple subscription models (Embedded, Premium, and Pro licenses).  Experience with Power BI, SSAS, SSRS, DAX and SQL.  5+ years Power BI experience in MS Power BI connection types (Oracle direct, Azure SQL data warehouse, ODBC), configurations and data flows (power query).  Current experience in administering Power BI permissions, roles, security and securing data layers based on specific identifiers such as role and/or agency.  Experience in creating SSAS tabular models.  Experience to connect to and transform data in Power BI.  Experience producing Power BI data models and recommending best practices for the creation of reports and graphics/visualizations.  Experience with enterprise BI solution development using Azure components like Azure functions, Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake.  Hands-on experience with enterprise business intelligence solution data modeling, data mart and data warehouse architecture.  The position calls for a seasoned IT professional with leadership qualities and background with 10+ years' experience in IT.  Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience.
 Our approach provides our clients with unique and powerful tools to maximize the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns while providing an experience of strategic depth and flawless execution.  Degree in statistics, data science, applied math, economics, or related field.  Strong foundations in probability theory and econometrics.  3+ years of experience in applied data science.  Significant practical experience with R/Python and SQL.  Lots of hands-on experience with real-world, imperfect data, and a zeal for turning disorder into sensible order.  We're profitable and will offer a very competitive total compensation package to the right candidate, with a salary range from $140,000-$160,000 to start depending on skills and experience, plus stock options and variable compensation.
 Bachelors degree in Administration of Justice, Criminal Justice, Law Enforcement or related field or the equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years relevant experience; or Master's degree.  General Dynamics experience is strongly preferred.  Provide security support for passing; verifying; and receiving clearances; confirming Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI) security eligibility; processing visitor requests; processing requests for agency Badges; and processing Visit Certifications and Perm Certifications.  Ability to work within a customer oriented environment and provide quality service.  Ability to participate productively as a contributing member in a team environment.  Ability to communicate effectively and concisely using a variety of styles and techniques appropriate to the audience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Administration of Justice, Criminal Justice, Law Enforcement or related field or the equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years relevant experience; or Master's degree.  General Dynamics experience strongly preferred.  Solid knowledge of all general functions and substantial understanding of policies and procedures to include the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM), National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual Supplement (NISPOMSUP), National Security Agency (NSA) Industrial COMSEC Manual, 90-1, specific Program Security Directives (PSD).  Excellent customer service skills and ability to prioritize, schedule and complete multiple tasks.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Experience:Information Technology Sales: 10 years (Preferred)Sales in IT/Analytics: 5 years (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required).
8+ years related experience in program and business analysis, including process improvement, project management, and budget preparation activities.  Experience with US Army or USMC maneuver warfare is required. Coding experience with AI/ML highly desired.  Experience planning, coordinating, and sequencing software/IT delivery tasks in an Agile software development environment.  Excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.  Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesPowerful analytical and problem solving skills ??including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. Advanced MS Word and PowerPoint skills; proficient Excel and Outlook application skills.  Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion.  Experience with navigating the Pentagons processes and the military chain of command is desirable.  Experience with the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process is also desirable.  Must have a DoD Top Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain an SCI.
 Synopsys, the 2019 leader in the Gartners Magic Quadrant for Application Security, is seeking an experienced Technical Account Manager to engage in structured, strategic collaboration with our largest customers, enabling them to best manage software risk with Synopsys products and services.  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, engineering, or other STEM field.  Knowledge of application security and vulnerabilities.  Excellent communication, presentation, problem solving, relationship-building, and project management skills.  Experience.  Experience working with ISV companies preferred.  Experience with enterprise-scale web development technologies and microservices.  Software development experience with C/C++, Java, C#, or other dominant programming language.  Experience with Continuous Integration and DevOps tools.  Experience with one or more build management system: ant, gradle, maven.
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Experience with JIRA or other similar ticketing systems.  Experience managing field operations in remote locations a plus.  Experience in an Engineering or other related field with technical team management.  Autonomy testing experience is preferred but not required.  Experience working with engineers to integrate test equipment a plus.
 6+ years of relevant work experience.  2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying computer vision solutions.  API development experience.  Bachelor's Degree.  Expertise in computer vision or deep learning frameworks and libraries, e.  Advanced skills in Python.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, image processing, computer vision.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithms (e.  Expertise in fields e.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  6+ years of relevant work experience.  1+ years of consulting experience on Conversational AI systems.  2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, MS LUIS/Cortana or IBM Watson.  3+ experiences developing and deploying voice and/or text conversational flows for virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, or IBM Watson, MS LUIS/MS Azure Cognitive/ML.  Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics.  API development experience.  Advanced skills in Java/C++, ProgR, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, neural networks, dialog systems, dialog management, and natural language generation.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  Expertise in 2+ domain preferred (e.  Experience in Technology, Media, Telecommunications, Consumer (especially transportation) and Financial Services& Insurance a plus.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 10+ years of relevant work experience.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying computer vision solutions.  API development experience.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree.  Expertise in computer vision or deep learning frameworks and libraries, e.  Advanced skills in Python.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, image processing, computer vision.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithms (e.  Expertise in fields e.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  10+ years of relevant work experience.  2+ years of consulting experience on Conversational AI systems.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ full cycle product experiences (prototype to production) deploying virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, MS LUIS/Cortana or IBM Watson.  3+ experiences developing and deploying voice and/or text conversational flows for virtual agents or virtual assistants such as IPSoft Amelia, Kore. ai, Nuance Nina, Amazon Lex & Alexa, Dialogflow, or IBM Watson, MS LUIS/MS Azure Cognitive/ML.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Empirical Statistics.  API development experience.  Advanced skills in Java/C++, ProgR, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA.  Strong knowledge of machine learning, deep learning, natural language processing, neural networks, dialog systems, dialog management, and natural language generation.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  Expertise in 2+ domain preferred (e.  Experience in Technology, Media, Telecommunications, Consumer (especially transportation) and Financial Services& Insurance a plus.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  6+ years of relevant work experience.  2+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  2+ years of consulting experience on AI projects.  Experience architecting, designing, developing and deploying enterprise solutions, based on client or business vision, which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Science.  Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Storm or related paradigms and associated languages such as Pig, Hive, Mahout, plus advanced skills in Java/C++, ProgR, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Bachelor's Degree preferably in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, electrical engineering, physics, or closely related field.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  2+ years experience working with Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, MS LUIS Chat, MS Azure Cognitive/ML.  Expertise in 2+ domains preferred (e.  Knowledge of operations, manufacturing, quality or operations strategy for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device organizations.  Experience with use cases such as fraud detection, cashierless stores, hyperpersonalized credit scores, enhanced customer service, etc.  Experience with use cases such as reduce customer churn, accurately price products / services, increase up-sell / cross-sell, reduce service Center call times, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve workforce / role matching, workforce optimization, increase learning effectiveness, align total rewards by employee type, etc.  Experience with use cases such as optimize infrastructure use, optimize system / application performance, reduce IT security breaches, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve safety/standards compliance, improve fraud detection, improve regulatory compliance.  Experience with use cases such as eliminate underperforming SKUs, optimize fleet size and logistics, optimize inventory management.  Strong experience running pursuits (US Practitioners).  Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a concise and actionable manner.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) (US Practitioners).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 Experience with program leadership, governance and change enablement.  10+ years of relevant work experience.  4+ years of experience leading and managing project teams.  4+ years of consulting experience on AI projects.  Experience architecting, designing, developing and deploying enterprise solutions, based on client or business vision, which include components across the Artificial Intelligence spectrum such as Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning and Data Science.  Experience in Hadoop, Spark, Storm or related paradigms and associated languages such as Pig, Hive, Mahout, plus advanced skills in Java/C++, ProgR, Python, etc.  Experienced programming knowledge in both SAS and SQL, Operating system experience with UNIX and relational database knowledge such as ORACLE/TERADATA.  Experience with quantitative modeling (design, development & implementation) using 3+ types of algorithm (e.  Bachelor's or Advanced Degree preferably in applied mathematics, statistics, computer science, data science, electrical engineering, physics, or closely related field.  Expertise in at least one functional application preferred (e.  2+ years experience working with Microsoft Cognitive Services, IBM Watson, IPSoft, Pega, Salesforce Einstein, Google Cloud Platform/Tensor Flow, or Amazon Web Services/Sagemaker, MS LUIS Chat, MS Azure Cognitive/ML.  Expertise in 2+ domains preferred (e.  Knowledge of operations, manufacturing, quality or operations strategy for pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device organizations.  Experience with use cases such as fraud detection, cashierless stores, hyperpersonalized credit scores, enhanced customer service, etc.  Experience with use cases such as reduce customer churn, accurately price products / services, increase up-sell / cross-sell, reduce service Center call times, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve workforce / role matching, workforce optimization, increase learning effectiveness, align total rewards by employee type, etc.  Experience with use cases such as optimize infrastructure use, optimize system / application performance, reduce IT security breaches, etc.  Experience with use cases such as improve safety/standards compliance, improve fraud detection, improve regulatory compliance.  Experience with use cases such as eliminate underperforming SKUs, optimize fleet size and logistics, optimize inventory management.  Strong experience running pursuits (US Practitioners).  Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a concise and actionable manner.  Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or parts of large engagements.  Strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills (MS Visio, MS PowerPoint) (US Practitioners).  Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.  An advanced degree in the area of specialization is preferred.  We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world.  From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.
 The ideal candidate must possess at least five (5) years of hands-on experience in Information Technology as system administrator and/or engineer specifically in IT facilities, operations and networking.  And at least three (3) years of experience as an IT manager or Technical leader at an organization with large organizations in Information Technology Field as a service/support provider inside a larger and cross-function organization.  Bachelors degree in a relevant field such as computer science, computer information systems, etc.  OR equivalent combined education, training, and experience.  Strong working knowledge of core IT infrastructure including networking, servers, storage, Active Directory, DNS, Access Management, Facilities management and Security.  Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in Information Technology as system administrator and/or engineer specifically in IT facilities, operations and networking.  Minimum of 3 years of experience as an IT manager or Technical leader at a large organization in Information Technology Field as a service/support provider inside a larger and cross-function organization.  Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership.  Experience bringing the discipline of technical staff and project management to an organization and managing diverse cross-functional teams.  Excellent data analysis and manipulation skills for the creation and packing of reports for leadership.  Excellent communication skills, including strong writing and presentation skills.  Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education Minimum .  Experience: 3 years Minimum Field of .  Expertise: Directly related professional and supervisory experience in area of program specialization.
 Ideally, we are looking for someone with an engineering background in electrical and mechanical engineering with experience designing and integrating complex systems.  You are an engineer with a strong technical background seeking to take your career to the next level or an experienced project manager with a varied set of backgrounds and experiences.  Bachelor s degree in appropriate Engineering disciple (Electrical, Mechanical, Robotics) required.  3+ years of overall engineering experience required.  Direct experience working with an engineering group with a strong engineering background in high-tech fields.  Experience in more than one area of product development: prototyping, design, fabrication, integration, and testing.  Ability to travel domestically.  degree in engineering.  Work and/or academic experience with robotics development.  Knowledge and/or experience in one or more of the following areas: Control Systems, Artificial Intelligence, Sensors, Robotics.  Experience writing proposals.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Skills and .  Experience:.  Excellent organization, communication and presentation skills.  Strong project leadership skills.  Strong Tableau and Microsoft Excel knowledge for reporting, data manipulation and analysis.  Minimum 2-3 years experience in a similar role.  Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 To bring this vision to fruition, we need an experienced Principal Design Manager to lead our team of designers and user researchers to create cutting edge UX, services and tools across our machine learning offering.  5-10 years of people management experience, including demonstrated ability building teams from scratch.  Experience in HCI, user experience design, and implementation.  Expertise building scalable partner engagement processes.  Experience educating, partnering, & influencing product teams.  Ability to work well in a fast-paced, multidisciplinary, start-up team environment where youll be expected to wear multiple hats and move frequently between projects.  Ability to work independently under tight deadlines, while maintaining excellent communication.
 The candidate should have demonstrated experience or a strong desire to learn and engage in managing projects that cross the boundaries of data management, API management and integration, data science and artificial intelligence. , experience as a Scrum Master).  Skills and Qualification Requirements.  Masters (preferred) degree in a technology or project management discipline.  4 to 6 years of project management and functional architecture experience.  2+ years of experience working in a business context (technology consulting, systems integration, management consulting, working as an analyst in industry, etc.  Exceptional proficiency with fundamental day-to-day processes of project delivery and running a team, for example:.  Strong experience and familiarity with tools, templates and accelerators of different types pertaining to different stages of a project (e.  Expert experience with tools like Jira and Confluence.  Exceptional proficiency with project- and stakeholder-management theory and practices ??demonstrated ability to proactively drive workstreams with minimal supervision, independently escalate and resolve issues, handle changes in technical direction, etc.  Experience in one of more of our capabilities (API Management & Integration, AI, Data Science & Analytics or Data Management) is not required but will be good to have.
 The candidate should have demonstrated experience or a strong desire to learn and engage in managing projects that cross the boundaries of data management, API management and integration, data science and artificial intelligence. , experience as a Scrum Master).  Skills and Qualification Requirements.  Masters (preferred) degree in a technology or project management discipline.  4 to 6 years of project management and functional architecture experience.  2+ years of experience working in a business context (technology consulting, systems integration, management consulting, working as an analyst in industry, etc.  Exceptional proficiency with fundamental day-to-day processes of project delivery and running a team, for example:.  Strong experience and familiarity with tools, templates and accelerators of different types pertaining to different stages of a project (e.  Expert experience with tools like Jira and Confluence.  Exceptional proficiency with project- and stakeholder-management theory and practices ??demonstrated ability to proactively drive workstreams with minimal supervision, independently escalate and resolve issues, handle changes in technical direction, etc.  Experience in one of more of our capabilities (API Management & Integration, AI, Data Science & Analytics or Data Management) is not required but will be good to have.
 Scrum Master Associate Project Manager.  UST Global is looking for Scrum Master.  As a Scrum Master Associate Project Manager.  Experience working within large teams and coordination.  Experience working with project management tools and Microsoft project.
 Equiscript is seeking an experienced candidate to serve in the role of Senior Director of Data and Analytics (SDDA).  Evidence of strong leadership and communication skills at a C- or board level.  Experience in information management projects and programs.  Familiarity with big data solutions.  Familiarity with data governance and quality control.  Experience with creating best practices and methodologies for technical projects.  Experience managing technical teams.  Understanding of and experience building business cases for large technical projects.  Familiarity with data modelling and visualization techniques.  Strong business experience in the field.  Experience:.  Bachelors or graduate degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, or a related field.  5-8 years of experience working with data analytics teams to provide reporting, analysis, modeling, and strategic insight.  Experience with a variety of analytics platforms and database programming languages (i.  Experience in integrating complex, inter-departmental processes and information strategies, and/or designing strategic metrics and scorecards required.  Experience running data analytics teams using the latest data mining, machine learning and/or artificial intelligence techniques required.  Hands-on experience with implementing data management programs preferred.  Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and the ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise.  Computer Skills:.  Ability to write and tune SQL queries.  Advanced Database/warehouse/lake knowledge; Master Data Management (MDM) applications; and Extract-Transform-Load (ETL/ELT) tool.  Strong company culture based on teamwork and healthy competition.
Job DescriptionCome Join The Swiss Post Team!We have an immediate opening for an experienced Customer Service Lead in Sterling Forest, NYRole Summary:We are currently seeking a Client Service Supervisor to sit on-site with our client. Key Responsibilities Include: 쨌 Service Delivery쨌 Client Requests - Manage the receipt, delegation and successful completion of all client requests쨌 Deadlines - Meet all client and SPS deadlines쨌 Resource Management ??Manage all resources within the operation including people, hardware/software and facilities쨌 Staffing Levels ??Coordinate staff schedules to ensure appropriate staff levels are maintained and proper coverage is provided for PTO, sickness and emergencies쨌 Safety ??Maintain a safe working environment for the SPS staff쨌 Track Activity/Performance - Track all client requests using the approved tracking mechanism쨌 Monthly Reports - Maintain metrics for monthly reporting of KPIs/SLAs쨌 Vendor Management ??Oversee all equipment, supply and messenger vendors to comply with SPS contract쨌 Site Inspections - Perform multiple daily walkthroughs to observe team performance first hand쨌 Documentation - Document any incidents and inform Client and SPS immediately쨌 Financial Performance쨌 Maintain site P&L at proforma levels or above쨌 Consistent execution & all deadlines met for payroll, billing & A/R collection쨌 Oversee monthly budget forecasts for the account쨌 Business Development ??grow the existing account year-over year쨌 Client & Employee Engagement쨌 Maintain Client Satisfaction Index (CSI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in Monthly and Quarterly Client Business Reviews쨌 Maintain Employee Satisfaction Index (ESI) at or above previous score쨌 Participate in SPS sponsored events쨌 Establish and maintain accountability to Client Director쨌 Coach, develop and cross train operations team to grow their careers쨌 Set and communicate to each staff member individual responsibilities, operational issues/concerns, daily goals, service improvements and customer expectations쨌 Maintain consistent documentation monitoring the status of each employee쨌 Provide annual employee performance evaluations and reviews as directed by SPS쨌 Immediately report any personnel, security or data breach incidents to SPS leadership teamQualifications: 쨌 Minimum of 3+ years of experience in high level relationship building and operational management쨌 Previous management/ supervisor experience overseeing 5-10 employeesPhysical Demands: 쨌 Fine and/or gross motor skills, including the ability to grasp, lift and/or carry or otherwise move packages on a standard wheeled cart with a load capacity of 60 lbs.  Ability to walk, bend, kneel, stand, and/or sit for an extended period of time쨌 .  Ability to lift or move 40 lbs. SPS is committed to delivering high caliber outsourcing experience to our clients and offering our employees challenging and exciting career opportunities throughout the North America region and globally.  Experience:Call Center: 1 year (Preferred)Retail: 1 year (Preferred)customer service: 1 year (Preferred)Education:High school or equivalent (Preferred)Work Location:One locationSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
 At Oracle, were committed to making a state-of-the-art consumer-grade enterprise experience that connects, empowers and delights our users, and is the factor that distinguishes our software from the competition.  We're creating a modern Approvals experience, smoothing human decisions for critical business transactions.  In addition to delivering an amazing customer experience, we'll ensure the new system is a pleasure to implement and operate.  We need a technical leader who loves hiring, guiding and coaching team members to deliver fantastic user experience, applying their deep experience with modern agile practices, and driving continuous improvement.  You'll bring your deep experience with modern agile practices, and will drive continuous improvement both within and beyond the team.  You'll develop your leadership, enriching your knowledge and experience with continuous delivery and continuous improvement.  Java, SQL and Oracle RDBMS, our rock-solid foundation.  BS/MS and 10-15 years experience building and leading teams to deliver enterprise software.  SQL, preferably Oracle RDBMS.  Ability to influence thinking or gain acceptance of others in sensitive situations.  Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 Our approach provides our clients with unique and powerful tools to maximize the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns while providing an experience of strategic depth and flawless execution.  Degree in statistics, data science, applied math, economics, or related field.  Strong foundations in probability theory and econometrics.  0 - 3 years of experience in applied data science.  Significant practical experience with R/Python and SQL.  Lots of hands-on experience with real-world, imperfect data, and a zeal for turning disorder into sensible order.  We're profitable and will offer a very competitive total compensation package to the right candidate, with a salary range from $80,000-$100,000 to start depending on skills and experience, plus stock options and variable compensation.
 The ideal candidate will be able to adeptly manage a multidisciplinary group of scientists from diverse backgrounds and experiences.  Seeks opportunities to advance Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning that builds on our synthetic biology experience and drives insights by leveraging data coming from our high-throughput technologies.  (or equivalent experience) in computational biology, bioinformatics, genomics, systems biology or a related field.  7+ years of industry experience in bioinformatics, both as an individual contributor and managing teams.  Strong programming skills and ability direct contribution to code development.  Experience with the latest genomic technologies and software, including next-generation sequencing, analysis of large genomic/phenomic data sets and ML/ AI experience.  Experience designing a bioinformatics and data science roadmap and executing the vision behind it.  Ability to structure, implement and maintain study plans in the face of ambiguity.  Strong analytical skills and business acumen specific to operational activities with a strong proficiency in MS Office and mastery of MS Project.  Experience writing regulatory documents for FDA review a plus.  Experience with several key programming languages, such as ProgR, Python, C++, Go, etc.  Strong familiarity with Microsoft SharePoint, Veeva and/ or Benchling data systems.
 We use Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to improve and augment end-users and healthcare providers experiences.  Were looking for an exceptional, self-directed and energetic product manager, who brings their creativity and experience to drive the next generation of our product.  Youll sit at the convergence of product, clinical, operations, engineering, sales, and data to figure out how we can continuously make the best product experiences for our end-users and customers.  You have 5+ years experience building products with clear, demonstrable results.  Were a B2B business, but were looking for someone who can balance our business objects while delivering the best experience to our end consumer.  AI and Machine Learning experience is a strong plus.  You have a good understanding of agile software development standard methodologies, design thinking, and working with user experience teams.
 Minimum of four (4) years experience.  Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business, or related field.
 ??Hands-on experience in Trigger, Apex, Visualforce and Web service(both SOAP and REST).  ??Hands of experience in Salesforce.  Strong web development skills including JSON,XML, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Scripting Languages, DHTML, SOAP and AJAX.  Strong SDLC & Quality process experience.
 Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.  We're looking for experienced machine learning engineers who are passionate about developing next generation machine learning technologies using data from millions of patients and hundreds of millions of documents to enable novel solutions to impact clinical trial development in the real world.  Master's (with 7+ years related professional experience) or PhD (with 3+ years related professional experience) in computer science or information technology areas with focus on machine learning, artificial intelligence, data mining, natural language processing.  Experience delivering tech programs or products from inception to delivery.  Knowledge of user needs, gathering requirements, and defining scope.  An in-depth understanding and extensive hands-on experiences with machine learning algorithms and modeling (supervised learning, semi-supervised or unsupervised learning including generative models, transfer learning, optimization, probabilistic graphical models, etc.  In depth experience with Spark/Hadoop and either PyTorch/Tensorflow.  Experience in Python with additional experience in Java and Scala.  Experience creating production environment data analytics and applications.  Communication experience with technical management teams to develop systems, solutions, and products.  Organizational, coordination and multi-tasking experience.  Analytical and problem-solving experience with large-scale systems.  Experience with health data and products is highly preferred.
 Core Services Engineering employees have deep technical and business expertise, customer insights, and a clear point of view that comes from first-hand, large-scale experience with Microsoft and industry solutions.  Assist in scoping and planning new programs - identifying degree of fit of with MS technologies and estimating overall timeline/cost for an implementation and sustainment.  7+ years of experience leading agile projects or service management activities.  Extensive knowledge and experience in data warehousing, data modeling, data processing (ETL), e-metrics/measurement, business intelligence, information retrieval, parallel and distributed computation.  Experience in implementation of Cloud Computing concepts and platforms.  Experience in analyzing very large real-world datasets and hands-on approach in data analytics.  Proven problem resolution, judgment, negotiating and decision-making skills.  Confident, takes ownership, willingness to do what it takes to get the job done with proven experience leading complex programs/initiatives to successful completion.  Good written and oral communication skills with experience providing project status to line and senior management.  BS in Computer Science or related field.  Certified Scrum Master (CSM).  Experience with Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence.  The ideal candidate will have experience leading complex portfolios that include designing enterprise scale network infrastructure, agile development practices, and experience in designing & tuning telemetry.
 Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.  Provide knowledge sharing of best practice and lessons learned from customer experiences.  Masters, or PhD degree in life sciences or business administration or foreign equivalent and 8 years with a .  Masters, or 4 years with a PhD of healthcare or technology industry progressively responsible experience demonstrating knowledge of industry issues and current developments by using and generating primary and secondary data including interview information, market research reports, annual reports, unstructured web based and opinion information; conducting quantitative and qualitative research and analysis techniques including forecasting, financial analysis, thematic analysis; managing and delivering projects, reports, presentations and analysis to senior level stakeholders and customers to agreed time and quality targets; and experience: developing commercial strategies for life science companies including positioning, go-to market and portfolio optimization; and development of account plans, labor forecasts and management of sales pipeline for commercial operations.
 Experience specialists and Business/Functional Analysts.  We are seeking experienced, innovative candidates with a strong passion for knowledge, data/analytics and/or machine learning to fill a Product Manager position leading a new team with a focus search driven knowledge delivery.  Candidates should possess an entrepreneurial drive, meaningful SaaS-type product management expertise, ideally in the data analytics and machine learning domain, as well as experience with knowledge based software products or similar technologies.  Instil a strong prioritization of user-centered design and a focus on user experience as a key focus for the agile team.  8+ years of product management experience or equivalent experience in a product oriented role (e.  SaaS platform and digital product experience preferred.  Experience collaborating with designers, developers, QA, and other stakeholders to deliver product is required.  Experience working within software product development and a user-centered design product team environment required.  Experience with agile development processes and best practices is preferred.  Knowledge and experience with data analytics, machine learning, mathematical or algorithmic oriented product experience strongly preferred.  KT offers insight into a topic or function derived from BCGs knowledge base and case/project experience.
 Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as :.  Required Skills/.  Experience.  A degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field with 6-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets.
쨌 Attend external meetings and calls with vendors쨌 Complete and oversee ad-hoc reports, projects, presentations, and team activitiesSkills쨌 Customer Satisfaction Orientation: Delivering exceptional satisfaction to both external and internal customers through transparent collaboration and sustainably broadening and deepening such relationships. 쨌 Outstanding communication: Exceptional skills in written and verbal communication. Qualifications쨌 High analytical horsepower to drive strategic interpretation of digital activities and develop insights that positively impact the outcome쨌 Advanced computer skills are required including MS Office Suite and the ability to learn and utilize internal applications쨌 Technical expertise in major frontend, backend, and API languages쨌 Project management experience in a large scale project with multiple stakeholdersTop candidates will have a/an:쨌 .  Strong proficiency in excel (e.  Knowledge of how to run controlled tests and analyzing the results (in any field)쨌 .  Experience managing projects with C-suite level stakeholders쨌 Pluses: .  Experience with Google Analytics, IBM Coremetrics, SPSS, SQL, Adwords, SAS Enterprise Guide, and similar analytics, statistics, and marketing toolsJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $23.
 Over the last 7 years, we've welcomed nearly 3500 Fellows into our Fellowship programs in Data Science, Data Engineering, Health Data Science, Artificial Intelligence, DevOps, Decentralized Consensus, and Security to gain experience with the industry-specific tools needed to work in their growing fields.  Skills and .  Experience.  Education/Background: You have 3-5 years of career development experience, including: conducting mock interviews, providing training on career development techniques, and helping job-seekers navigate hiring processes.  Education, public speaking, and/or group facilitation experience is also highly valued.  We're especially excited to talk to you if you have prior experience working in a fast-paced environment, like a startup and/or education.
 Founded in 1898, Northeastern is a global research university and the recognized leader in experience-driven lifelong learning.  Strong partnership between the university and stakeholders in both the public and private sectors is what sets Northeasterns education and research model apart.  Northeastern prepares students to thrive in the age of artificial intelligence by emphasizing uniquely human skills in the form of a curriculum called humanics.  The co-op program is the backbone of Northeasterns student experience and a key driver of the universitys astonishing rise.  The executive director will work to support the co-op mission; improve the experience of students, faculty, and staff; and, increase participation of students at all levels and educational backgrounds, collaborating across a variety of locations to expand opportunities for engagement with AI research and learning.  Experience as an innovator or entrepreneur; has worked through the process of envisioning, building and launching a program/company/organization in the for-profit, non-profit or public sector.
 The individual must have methodological experience in developing, transforming, and modeling data to improve mission critical decision making in a fast-paced environment.  Required Skills and Education.  Bachelors Degree with at least 12 years work experience, or .  Masters with at least 10 years relevant experience.  Expertise in unsupervised and supervised machine learning techniques and methods.  Experience working with large-scale (e.  Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.  Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.  Experience with relevant computer programming (R, Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or equivalent.  Experience with big data technologies (e.  Experience with multiple entity resolution approaches including use of biometrics.  Experience constructing and executing queries to extract data in support of EDA and model development.  Ability to translate complex, technical findings into an easily understood narrative (i.  Preferred Skills and Education.  Experience supporting CBP mission.
 Ability to use disparate data sources along with our data lake to develop cutting edge intelligent reporting solutions.  Ability to translate business needs into technical requirements for IT and vice versa.  Experience.  BA/BS degree from an accredited college/university.  5+ years of experience as a Sales Analyst, Business Analyst, BI Analyst, Trade Marketing Analyst or a related function.  Proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, Power BI / Tableau, Syndicated Data, Trade Promotion Management.  Mastery of Excel and experience in programming language such as ProgR, & Python a plus.  Position requires individual to have a thorough understanding of business financials and experience presenting to executive level personnel.  Prior experience in CPG is highly preferred.
 Familiarity with commercial SATCOM systems in various orbit regimes helpful.  Expertise for engineering BM architectures, understanding and analyzing kill chains, developing and implementing mesh networks, cyber defense, tactical data link communications, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Tracking: Engineering for advanced/emergent missile threats; OPIR mission and data processing experience; optical telescope and satellite design/procurement test experience. Deterrence: Engineering cislunar architectures, orbits including Earth-Moon Lagrange points, propulsion systems, advanced maneuvering, SSA and Offensive/Defensive Space Control architectures, missions, and data processing experience; optical telescope and satellite design/procurement and test experience. Red Cell: Space cybersecurity, domestic and foreign counterspace capabilities and technical mitigation strategies, technology roadmap development and foresight, constellation resiliency assessments, practical experience with Red Team group exercises, experience with intelligence collection and technical assessment requests, familiarity with design/development/launch/operations technical and operational challenges.  A Bachelor of Science degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics field is required.  8 or more years of increasingly responsible and related engineering/scientific experience is required for Project Leader.  12 or more years of increasingly responsible and related engineering/scientific experience for Senior Project Leader.  Relevant, progressive work experience in systems architecture, systems integration and/or systems engineering is desired.  Multidisciplinary experience including, spacecraft and launch vehicle concept design and operation, knowledge of DoD, IC, Civil, and Commercial missions and technologies desired.  Ability to build and/or maintain substantive rapport with Aerospace peers and government customers required.  Experience with mentoring desired.  Ability to work with the Aerospace Engineering Technology Group matrix and other Aerospace program offices is desired.  Experience in systems engineering, risk assessment, and trade space exploration studies is desired.  Experience directly interfacing with customers and delivering comprehensive assessment products is desired.  Excellent written communication skills are necessary - can organize complex materials and concepts in a manner that is clear and logical.  Excellent verbal communication skills required - clear, concise, persuasive; builds consensus through speaking; polished, professional style.  We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline. 7+ years of relevant software engineering experience. 2+ years people management experience. 3+ years of hands on experience in architecting and building highly scalable distributed systems.  Experience with OOD and object oriented languages.  These world class services powers Alexas benchmark setting AI models in speech, acoustic events, image and text enabling myriad Alexa experiences ultimately making Alexa delightful for customers.  Deep hands-on technical experience with developing and maintaining large scale cloud and big data services.  Strong business and technical vision.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. Exceptional customer relationship skills including the ability to discover the true requirements underlying feature requests, recommend alternative technical, and Business approaches, and lead engineering efforts to meet aggressive timelines with optimal solutions. Prior experience with developing Machine Learning tools and services. Prior experience with AWS technologies.
7+ years of relevant engineering experience.  Experience in partnering with product and program management teams3+ years of people management experience, managing engineers.  Bachelors degree in computer science or related technical field6+ years relevant engineering experience6+ years experience leading the delivery of APIs and SDKs6+ years experience leading the delivery of services and large-scale distributed systemsTechnical experience in at least one major technical area of distributed systems, such as scale-out or fault-tolerance6+ years experience leading development life cycle process and best practices6+ years experience mentoring/training the engineering community on technical issues. 6+ years design and architecture experience.  Knowledge with both object oriented and service oriented design patterns6+ years experience designing and developing cloud software servicesUnderstanding of design for security, scalability, performance and availability.  The teams mission is to push the envelope in natural language understanding (NLU) in order to provide a natural, conversational, experience for our customers.  Creating reliable, scalable, and high performance products requires exceptional technical expertise, a sound understanding of the fundamentals of Computer Science, and practical experience building large-scale distributed systems.  MS/PhD in Software Engineering or Machine Learning/ Artificial Intelligence8+ years of relevant, broad engineering experienceArchitectural experience with large scale implementationExcellence in technical communications with both technical and non technical peers.  Excellent judgment, organizational, and problem-solving skillsExceptional interpersonal communication skill, including verbal, written, listening and customer relationships.  Proven ability to work across teams and organizations, delivering results through influence.
 Expert in the field of storage, especially in object storage and NAS.  Strong track record of implementing storage services in a variety of distributed computing environments.  Hands-on experience with high performance storage and storage optimization in highly-available, large-scale, multisite, international environments.  Hands-on experience with building tooling and automation for provisioning, monitoring, and managing the storage infrastructure.  Hands-on experience in designing and implementing storage at scale, such as multi Petabyte storage.  10+ years of experience in storage, especially experience in Openstack Swift.
 As the feature set grows, we need to ensure that user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the military users can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Expert (SME) of military Courses of Action analysis, wargaming and simulation software systems.  Prior military tactical experience and/or understanding of the military operations and capabilities would be a strong asset, although not required.  Key Skills to Have.  Military experience.  Excellent communicator.  Experience to Have, Some Combination needed.  Software development experience.
 Required Skills and .  Experience.  Here are a few of those required skills and experience sets our Talent Acquisitions Lead at Predictive Sales AI possess:.  A bachelors degree/pursuing a bachelors degree in business administration, marketing, communications, psychology, or a related field.  Experience in conducting sales calls, interviews, or presentations.  Experience/aptitude for solving problems based on consultative conversations.  Experience conducting research to build technical assessments.  Microsoft Dynamics or other CRM experience preferred.
 Master of Science or Ph.  in computer science or a related disciplineAt least 8+ years of strong experience in AI/ML; demonstrated experience in driving Artificial Intelligence strategy, preferably in a healthcare related environment; entrepreneurial attitude.  Knowledge of complex healthcare systems and requirements; .  Experience with digital health solutions and healthcare data analytics; Publication track record in machine learning conferences and/or journals; .  Experience with implementing numerical methods and data visualization; Good knowledge of algorithm design; .  Experience in applying AI/ML to real world problems; .  Strong expertise in reinforcement learning and/or deep learning.
 Our team is looking for a Software Engineering Leader to help us grow the next generation of Microsoft talent and build amazing AI-enabled experiences for our customers.  5+ years of experience as a practicing software engineer.  2+ years of experience as a technical lead, including mentoring and growing junior software engineers.  BS in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field.  1+ years of experience in building AI or data science platforms.  Experience consuming and contributing to open source software projects.  Experience working with distributed teams.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience working in technology and/or semiconductors is highly desirable.  Bring strong experience in writing for different formats, mediums and audiences including long-form, short-form; social media, web, video; external and internal audiences among others.  Support executive participation in company-wide all-hands, leadership meetings, and other experiential engagement experiences.  Bachelors degree in journalism, marketing, communications, or related field.  A minimum of seven years of corporate, internal and executive communications experience at a Fortune 500 company.  Experience in high tech and/or semiconductor industry highly desired.  Outstanding interpersonal communication skills and senior client relationship management experience.  Solid experience with multimedia platforms, social media and visual storytelling.  Experienced || Regular || Communications || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience working in technology and/or semiconductors is highly desirable.  Bring strong experience in writing for different formats, mediums and audiences including long-form, short-form; social media, web, video; external and internal audiences among others.  Support executive participation in company-wide all-hands, leadership meetings, and other experiential engagement experiences.  Bachelors degree in journalism, marketing, communications, or related field.  A minimum of seven years of corporate, internal and executive communications experience at a Fortune 500 company.  Experience in high tech and/or semiconductor industry highly desired.  Outstanding interpersonal communication skills and senior client relationship management experience.  Solid experience with multimedia platforms, social media and visual storytelling.  Experienced || Regular || Communications || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 Exegy is seeking an experienced professional to lead marketing efforts for a growing portfolio of financial front office solutions that are delivered as a subscription service.  Successful candidates should have a proven record of successful marketing leadership for technology solutions delivered as subscription services.  Experience in crafting strategy and tactics to generate leads for enterprise and inside sales efforts is required.  Experience in financial market data or other financial technology areas is beneficial.  Familiarity with digital marketing and state-of-the-art tools to measure the effectiveness of content, campaigns, and prospect engagement.  Experience in website and social media design.  Minimum three (3) years experience as a marketing leader.
 Knowledge and Skills.  Experience with micro-services and events-driven architectures highly preferable.  Experience with AWS.  Experience with Kubernetes a very big plus.  Experience with both SQL and NoSQL technologies such as DynamoDB, when to use what.  Experience with React & Next.  Familiarity with Test Driven Development, testing and mocking practices a big plus.  Experience.  Experience leading a team of Engineers through various stages of product development, with a prior focus on scaling consumer-facing applications.  Minimum of 10+ years of experience in software development.  5+ years of experience leading a team.  Experience scaling backend services to millions of users.
 Basic Qualifications:10+ years of experience with working in a fast-paced, test-driven, collaborative, and iterative development or engineering environment8+ years of experience with relational databases, BI, and analytics tools, including SQL, Tableau, or SAS6+ years of experience in delivering solutions that solve complex analytical problems, using quantitative approaches with a blend of analytical, mathematical, and technical expertise.  Knowledge of advanced analytic techniques.  Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts or machine-learning approaches.  Knowledge of government public health approaches to surveillance systems and data architecture.  Ability to obtain a security clearanceBA or BS degree.  Experience in working with the CDC or the public health domain.  Knowledge of artificial intelligence capabilities and modeling techniques a plus.  Ability to collaborate in a matrixed environmentPossession of excellent analytical skillsPossession of excellent oral and written communication skillsMA, MS, or PhD degree preferred.
 Experience:.  Experience in applying agile/scrum methodology to develop and deliver large-scale software/hardware applications.  Ability to positively influence and partner with Agile delivery teams to accomplish goals.  Strong written and verbal skills.  Applies knowledge and experience in own discipline while continuing to acquire and develop higher-level knowledge and skills.  Bachelor's or Equivalent .  Experience.  Experience: 7+ years.
 You are a passionate transformer who is willing to question the status quo to help the organization continually improve and make a better experience for our customers.  You are a ferocious steward of the customer experience.  You are a collaborative and proven team player who values the whole person (not just the work person).  Knowledge & Skills:.  Demonstrated experience driving programs/products to successful completion.  Strong customer focus ??Manages teams to create/optimize value for customers during decision-making, planning, execution, and change management.  Ability to establish, maintain and improve relationships with team members across multiple office locations.  7+ years of experience in Program/Product Management in a product development capacity.  New product introduction (NPI) experience.  Experience with Agile practices/frameworks.  Healthcare Technology experience.  Experience with/in:.
 Stakeholder Management: Managing customer relationships properly and professionally, taking into consideration always customer experience/satisfaction.  Experience.  4-year academic degree in some aspect of Telecommunications and/or Business Management.  Minimum 10 years experience in a combination of Technical & Operational Management, Financial & Business Management roles.  Excellent understanding of the global Telecom industry and previous experience with Telecom.  Strong track record in engaging and building trust with internal and external stakeholders.  Solid industry knowledge and extensive experience to address operations challenges.  Excellent knowledge of the Ericsson organization, solutions, and portfolio to include Operations Engine.  Analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence experience a plus.  You have experience with coordinating customer contract fulfillment.  You have extensive experience with managed service delivery.  You have experience in financial management (cost planning, tracking and improvement).  You have experience in global delivery model working with offshore, nearshore delivery units.  You have experience in managing large IT, ADM portfolio with different technology mix,.
 This position will be located in Colorado Springs , CO and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here .  GBSD_Jobs.  Bachelor's degree and 5 years of relevant experience; or 3 Years with .  Masters; or 0 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance.  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI.  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible.  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery.  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS.  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery.  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial).  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems.  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework - SAFe for Lean Enterprises.
Are you an experienced Senior Software Engineer who loves to write clean and secure code? Is building skilled web applications your forte? Do you enjoy being a team leader and a mentor? If yes, we want to hear from you!Clarip's patent-pending Hybrid Artificial Intelligence technology is disrupting the fast growing Data Privacy industry and we are looking for engineers like you to join our team and make a difference. RequirementsA degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 7-10 years of experience building web applicationsPrior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineerSolid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAXSkilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/Hadoop/Hive/HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. PlusesHands-on experience with Python, Java or AI AlgorithmsContribution to open-source projectsCompensationCompetitive salary, based on the experienceStock optionsPaid vacationWhat we offerA creative job with a lot of opportunity to grow professionallyContributing to something that is truly impacting people迦s livesBecoming part of the movement that cares about data privacyLife is short.  Experience:software development: 7 years (Required)PHP: 5 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingAggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
 We are hiring experienced Data Engineering Managers to lead the teams that deliver the data, tools, and services that form the foundation of our ML and Analytics platforms.  Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Strong team player that can collaborate effectively with others.  Experience working as the manager of Data Engineering teams.  Experience building highly scalable, reliable, and maintainable data systems.  Experience building and working with ETL/ELT tooling.  Experience working with the Hadoop ecosystem (Spark, Hive, etc.  Experience working with Data Warehouses (Redshift, BigQuery, Snowflake, etc.  Experience working with Job Scheduling tools (Airflow, Luigi, Oozie).  Experience working with Business Intelligence tools (Tableau, Qlik, Looker, etc.  Experience working with cloud infrastructure platforms (AWS, Azure, or GCP).  Proficiency developing software with Python (experience with C++ is also highly desirable).  Significant experience working with SQL and NoSQL database technologies.  Strong presentation, communication, and organizational skills.
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  8+ years of total experience with 3+ years managing senior level Software Developers and Infrastructure Engineers working in Analytics & Big Data Infrastructure.  Strong hands on technical skills and working knowledge of Python, SQL, Spark, Airflow, Kubernetes, Elasticsearch, Data Warehouses (Redshift, BigQuery, etc.  Strong team player that can collaborate and communicate effectively with others.  Experience building highly scalable, reliable, and maintainable data systems.  Prior experience working as a lead or senior level software engineer.  Strong presentation and communication skills.
 Experience scaling out a project management teams; understanding team limitations & knowing when to scale out, efficiently, as Pandio grows.  Experience with cloud technologies, data science, AI, machine learning and natural language processing knowledge a major plus.  Masters, SIx Sigma or Project Management certifications a plus.  Must be well organized. Relevant work experience with technology integrations, business requirements documents, and projects managed across Business and Technical teams. 4-6 years of technical Project Management, Sales Engineer, Software Development, Customer Success, Partner Management, or Product Management experience in data, internet, or technology company. Competitive Benefits & Compensation:Competitive salary based on experience, plus Stock options & bonusesWe pay 100% insurance (medical, vision, and dental)Unlimited vacation daysFitness Center complete with locker room and shower offering weekly yoga and circuit training coursesThe Cantina (building break room offering coffee & cold brew, fresh gourmet food choices, premium DirecTV channels, wifi, shuffleboard, ping-pong, and more)Outdoor courtyard (wifi, comfortable areas for seating & dining)Fully stocked suite breakroom & Mr.  Experience:Project / Program Management: 4 years (Required)Software Development : 4 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionSchedule:Monday to FridayNo weekends8 hour shiftBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyOnly full-time employees eligibleWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Utilizing more than 165 direct vendor integrations, big data, artificial intelligence and process automation, BeSmartees Mortgage POS, TPO Platform and Home Equity POS offer high-touch, end-to-end production experiences that shorten lending cycles and reduce costs, taking todays originators and borrowers deeper into the mortgage process, faster.  Must have working knowledge of the mortgage industry.  Ability to manage multiple clients simultaneously.  Ability to work collaboratively with multiple team members across departments (sales, marketing, QA, developers, etc.  Ability to handle confidential material.  Ability to build rapport with clientsDeadline and detail-oriented.  Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writingJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $65,000.  Experience:mortgage banking: 1 year (Required)Paid Training:YesManagement:Ops ManagerSchedule:Monday to FridayBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Yes.
 Utilizing more than 165 direct vendor integrations, big data, artificial intelligence and process automation, BeSmartees Mortgage POS, TPO Platform and Home Equity POS offer high-touch, end-to-end production experiences that shorten lending cycles and reduce costs, taking todays originators and borrowers deeper into the mortgage process, faster.  Must have working knowledge of the mortgage industry.  Ability to manage multiple clients simultaneously.  Ability to work collaboratively with multiple team members across departments (sales, marketing, QA, developers, etc.  Ability to handle confidential material.  Ability to build rapport with clientsDeadline and detail-oriented.  Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writingJob Type: Full-timeSalary: $65,000.  Experience:mortgage banking: 1 year (Required)Paid Training:YesManagement:Ops ManagerSchedule:Monday to FridayBenefit Conditions:Waiting period may applyWork Remotely:Yes.
 The Review Manager must have a general understanding of the Electronic Discovery Reference Model and a high level of proficiency with the technologies used to increase efficiencies, drive down costs, and deliver exceptional service to our clients.  Minimum 3 years of project management experience in an e-Discovery capacity.  Law firm or managed review vendor experience preferred.  Extensive experience with the administration of document review databases, including Relativity.  Familiarity with concepts and application of statistical sampling, email threading, near duplicate identification, clustering, and predictive coding.  Exceptional verbal and written communication skills, including experience leading conference calls and meetings with colleagues and clients.  Excellent issue spotting and problem-solving skills.  Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.  Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
 5 or more years' experience in Public Relations and/or Social Media.  Strong organizational and analytics skills.  Strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills.  Familiarity with all aspects of social media.  Experience in high tech is considered a plus.
 Kounts Identity Trust Global Network uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to analyze billions of trust and fraud signals in real-time in order to help businesses prevent fraud, protect accounts, and deliver personalized user experiences.  Demonstrates high level communication abilities, solid account management skills and product knowledge in all areas that allows the Account Manager to be effective with existing Kount customersMust utilize the companys renewal management and customer relationship management (CRM) tool to maintain accurate records of all customer interactions, sales and prospecting activities in effort to maximize effectiveness.  Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing, or related field3+ years account management, or sales experience, with technology sales and/or the payment industry experience preferred.  Experience developing highly productive business relationships.  Ability to learn and demonstrate professional knowledge of all kount services and offerings.  Proven track record of initiating and successfully driving incremental revenue opportunities.  Excellent and demonstrated oral and written communication skillsUses consultative selling approach, high energy, strong qualifying and closing skills.  Strong knowledge of personal computers and applications.  Ability to multi-task projectsSocial ease and a strong and demonstrated ability to build relationships with a variety of different people and personality typesPositive attitude and an outgoing personality with a high standard of decorum. Professional appearance and the ability to exhibit a professional demeanor over the phone, through email, and in person, as requiredMust possess exceptional problem-solving, analytical, and research skillsAble to make independent choices and recommendations without immediate direction or supervisionTravel and participation in after-hours meetings with customers as requiredLearn more about our excellent compensation and benefits packages at www.  Experience:Account Management: 1 year (Preferred)Communication Skills: 1 year (Preferred)Additional Compensation:CommissionWork Location:One locationPaid Training:YesManagement:Team LeadTypical start time:8AMTypical end time:5PMSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:kount.
 3+ years of relevant online content marketing experience in B2B and SaaS, or at an ecommerce brand or agency.  Bachelor's degree in Marketing, English, Journalism, Communications or a related field.  Knowledge of SEO best practices and lead generation.  Experience with SEO tools like Ahrefs, SEMRush, Google Analytics, Google Search Console.  Experience using WordPress to manage website.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline.  Ability to troubleshoot complicated system integration or architecture issues involving multiple COTS and custom systems required.  Experience in software development using modern development languages such as C#, C++, Java, etc.  Experience with developing, deploying and integrating systems hosted in cloud environments.  Strong relational database / SQL background required.  7 years of work experience supporting and/or developing large-scale solutions for Federal customers.  10 years of recent experience & knowledge with the design, development, and technical thought leadership of Federal IT/Government Requests for Proposals.  7 years of work experience supporting and developing large-scale solutions.  Knowledge of, and experience with, technology-based development methodologies/techniques primarily focused on the US Federal Government marketplace with demonstrated capability delivering large-scale solutions.  Direct working experience capturing and executing development efforts (and orchestrating multiple development teams) for enterprise scale environments.  Experience:.  Experience working in an Agile environment.  Experience in a multi-vendor, federal Agile environment.  Experience working with senior decision-makers.  Strong communication/interpersonal skills.  Proven technical and analytical background.  Experience transforming large, government programs to the cloud.
 Proven experience as a Sr.  Experience with Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP), Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), and the associated data / reporting.  Experience with data modeling, data warehousing, and/or a data lake.  Expert level experience with business intelligence reporting (Microsoft Power BI).  Strong familiarity with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central.  Knowledge and familiarity with SQL database concepts and SQL queries.  Ability to discuss technical matters with non-technical business users.  Ability to coordinate and manage data activities performed by vendors.  Ability to work towards and meet project deadlines and milestones.  Ability to manage both internal and external data / BI team members.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience with Azure BYOD or data warehousing.  Experience with Centric PLM is a plus.  Bachelor s Degree in Data Science, Data Management, Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field.  5+ years of related work experience.
 Knowledge and Skills.  Experience with micro-services and events-driven architectures highly preferable.  Experience with AWS.  Experience with Kubernetes a very big plus.  Experience with both SQL and NoSQL technologies such as DynamoDB, when to use what.  Experience with React & Next.  Familiarity with Test Driven Development, testing and mocking practices a big plus.  Experience.  Experience leading a team of Engineers through various stages of product development, with a prior focus on scaling consumer-facing applications.  Minimum of 10+ years of experience in software development.  5+ years of experience leading a team.  Experience scaling backend services to millions of users.
 Bachelor's degree in engineering or related field required, advanced education preferred and/or an MBA with at least 15 years of engineering in a Life Sciences or related E2E Regulated manufacturing environment.  Experience.  Minimum of 15 years' experience in a manufacturing environment in roles with increasing responsibility within the engineering space.  Minimum 8 years of managerial experience.  Direct experience with planning, design and implementation on innovative manufacturing technology related to highly complex engineering capital investments.  Significant experience with automation and related system architecture utilizing Siemens and Rockwell Automation platforms.  Substantial experience with Process Controls Systems GAMP Categories Level 0 through Level 3, ISA S88/S95 philosophies and related data acquisition and management.  Direct experience with E2E fully integrated manufacturing processes utilizing various OEM unit operations and control platforms, harmonized across common process control and execution systems.  Experience with utilization of Connected Services technologies and IoT to collect and exchange data for predictive environment value realization.  Knowledge of Digital Twinning and its application to E2E environments.  Experience with Product Robustness and related data analytics.  Excellent management skills and an ability to prioritize effectively to deliver results within aggressive timelines with the ability to work independently and as part of a team.  Substantial prior experience in the development and implementation of engineering standards and life cycle management of tools, processes and methodologies.  Direct experience with organizational transformation and related supporting engineering processes.  Excellent collaboration skills and ability to align people and resources towards organizational success.  Must demonstrate strategic thinking and innovative approach to responsibilities.  Must demonstrate maturity and seasoned judgment in reaching critical decisions.  Strong interpersonal skills including verbal and written communication are essential in this collaborative work environment.  Decision Quality: Makes good decision based upon a mixture analysis, wisdom experience, and judgment; most his /her solution and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate when judged over time; sought out by others for advice and solutions.  Negotiation Skills : ability to work into a matrix organization and able to influence and persuade, without having a direct authority.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Functional experience and depth with contact center technologiesSharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectivelyUnderstand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.
7+ years of relevant engineering experience.  Experience managing projects across cross functional teams, building sustainable processes and coordinating release schedules5+ years of technical program management experienceBachelor's Degree in Computer science, engineering or scientific discipline, or equivalent experience8+ years working in product development, including hands-on experience of large scale releases, web service technologies and object-oriented programming languages8+ years managing release schedules and process innovations for Agile development teams4+ years communicating vision and strategy to executive (C-level) stakeholders while also diving into detail to influence the right outcomes and bring issues to resolution.  We are looking for a Senior Technical Program Manager to head-up development initiatives related to , security and policy enforcement for the spoken language understanding technology that powers the Alexa voice experience.  You will build a world-class program processes that drive both core technology improvements and innovation in different dimensions of the voice experience;You will use perceptive insights on business and customer requirements to drive vision and planning for the organization as a whole;You will dive deep into our architecture and systems and learn about the technologies and feedback loops that power the Alexa experience and create initiatives for technology innovation and continuous improvement;You will work closely with a team of diverse skillsets and backgrounds to improve the modeling experience for our customers. You will work closely with usage data, business development, legal and policy organizations to improve our data and policy enforcement controls for customers;You will drive improvements in the science and engineering lifecycle to accelerate our ability to deliver ground-breaking innovation across a rapidly increasing number of customers, platforms and experiences;You will engage on a regular and frequent basis with Senior Executive teams on product status, risks and strategy.  Excellent listening, writing skills and strong technical ability are essential.  The ideal candidate will have 10 or more years of relevant work experience in internet-related project and/or technical product management in a applications environment.  The ideal candidate will have experience defining projects, collecting requirements, writing detailed functional and test specifications, coordinating efforts to scope, schedule, and deploy new features, as well as analyzing the cost/benefit of feature selection and communicating results throughout the organization.  Masters degree in computer science, engineering or scientific discipline, or equivalent experience.  Experience working directly with technologies, statistical systems or big data platforms.  Experience driving programs related to consumer online security, or policy enforcement for research science, data science disciplines.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field, 5+ years experience.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery and thinking big.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively8+ years experience working on successful technology products from ideation through launch.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.
 Minimum 3 years experience in a sales support role, preferably with medical device and hardware/technology products as well as consumer health products.  Strong analytical skills.  Ability to perform advanced computing functions including reporting and modeling experience with an application like Excel.  Strong experience managing a CRM platform.  Ability to multitask.  Must have excellent planning and organization skills.  Ability to manage resources across different internal and cross-organizational groups to get things done.  Experience using Zendesk Sell as a CRM platform.  Experience with working with internal and remote team members across several time zones.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  This job is for a Engineering Manager supporting a major MSC program where responsibilities include portions of Cost, Schedule, and Technical performance.  Experience with Agile software development techniques and associated business rhythms (e.  Strong systems/mission engineering and/or test/training technical skill sets and background in support of Agile methods within DevOps organization.  Experience leading Systems/Mission Engineers and/or Testers/Trainers in a DevOps organization.  GEOINT community background - familiarity with the domain/products/customer-set.  Desired Skills:.  Experience as team or project lead; possess strong communication skills and be technically innovative.  Must be able to lead, drive, and energize a team of multiple skills and job disciplines.  Ability to work well with, as well as lead, virtual team members (LM, Sub, Customer, SI).  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Previous technical product lead experience.  Application software design/development experience.  Ability to communicate effectively and work in a collaborative.  Desired Skills:.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics; or, a .  Masters degree in Agronomy, Life Science, or Physical Science with a demonstrated track record conducting quantitative research and building predictive models.  10+ years experience of technical leadership experience with a demonstrated ability to grow a team of people managers and individual contributors in data science.  Proven track record of driving significant business impact by leveraging large volumes of data through analytics and modeling.  Strong business acumen; experience collaborating with commercial partners to support integration of digital products into business models.  Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills with proven ability to communicate, collaborate with senior management, peers and direct reports to deliver measurable results.  Experience aligning technical strategy with business strategy.  Extensive experience with data exploration, implementation of advanced statistical, machine learning and artificial intelligence based algorithms along with rigorous model validation.  Experience presenting strategic project recommendations and business value of data related technology to executive level management.  The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced, with dozens of specialties coming together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience in Computer Vision and AI/ML.  Previous technical product lead experience.  Application software design/development experience.  Ability to communicate effectively and work in a collaborative.  Desired Skills:.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  Familiarity with AI/ML and deep learning techniques.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Proven experience supporting tool creation/maintenance and cloud definition/design/development/deployment as well as maintenance support.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  Desired Skills:.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  Expereince with Agile, including Product Owner/Scrum Master.  Windows - Server 2012 R2, Windows 10, Active Directory, Authentication, DNS, Permissions, Profiles, and COTS Integration and Support, MS SCCM Suite (OSD & DCM).  Familiarity with workstation imagining and desktop hardware management.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Proven experience supporting tool creation/maintenance and cloud definition/design/development/deployment as well as maintenance support.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  Desired Skills:.  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  Expereince with Agile, including Product Owner/Scrum Master.  Windows - Server 2012 R2, Windows 10, Active Directory, Authentication, DNS, Permissions, Profiles, and COTS Integration and Support, MS SCCM Suite (OSD & DCM).  Familiarity with workstation imagining and desktop hardware management.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Receive growth opportunities and career mentoring from a diverse group of experienced professionals with opportunities for career advancement without sacrificing work/life balance.  Be at the core of a proven, respected tax team with a passion for what they do.  Ability to apply basic tax concepts to non-US jurisdictions.  Experience with tax treaty analysis and their interaction with domestic law.  Track record of proven business partnering.  Ability to provide business focused solutions to tax issues.  Experience working as part of a multi-national team.  Ability to risk assess in an ambiguous environment.  Excellent verbal and written communications.  Experience that will help in this role:.  Working experience with tax rules in Singapore, Taiwan, Japan, India, Malaysia, and EMEA.  Experience with indirect taxes including GST/VAT/consumption tax.  Experience supporting global mobility assignments.  Tax controversy experience.  10-years of tax experience ??Big 4 or large corporate experience preferred.  Ability to work with a multinational and cross functional team.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Strong focus on working as a team within tax as well as cross-functional groups.  Masters degree or equivalent preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Accounting/Finance || #LI-SC2 || Tier 5 ||.
 Work with internal senior leaders and business partners to identify key areas for Data Science to impact customer experience and demand generation across domains that include sales force, marketing and website.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in statistics, economics, mathematics, or related field.  Masters in statistics, economics, data science, or analytics preferred.  10+ years equivalent work experience required.  Experience directing a Data Science program in a company, that includes demonstrable impact via development and implementation of Data Science based products and product roadmaps.  Experience with linear regression, logistic regression, cluster analysis, time series analysis, and machine learning/ AI techniques.  Experience with SAS, ProgR, Python, and SQL.  Knowledge of artificial intelligence systems, including image recognition.  Ability to assume high exposure responsibilities and interact with senior leadership.  Strong business acumen and a strategic mindset.  Excellent and proven communication skills.  Ability to establish and sustain strong business relationships and effectively prioritize business needs.
 A Bachelor's degree with 9 years of relevant experience OR a Master's degree with 7 years of relevant experience OR a PhD with 4 years of relevant experience; An additional 4 years of experience maybe considered in lieu of a degree requirement.  Experience working in an Agile development environment.  Experience with Web UI Javascript frameworks, Python, Spark, and/or Jupyter Notebooks.  Experience with Big Data Analytics and/or Machine Learning Frameworks (i.  Experience with AWS SageMaker, AWS AI Services.
 Computer Sciences or 5+ years of Software Application development experience.  5+ years of experience working across functions (Engineering, Product Management, Legal) in order to deliver a product or features.  5+ years of organizational coordination experience in a technical company.  5 or more years of problem-solving experience with large scale technical systems.  5 or more years of experience understanding product requirements and translating those product needs into plans.  Technical Industrial experience in large scale Machine learning/Artificial intelligence or scaling out data engineering and infrastructure.
 Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain Management or related field or equivalent work experience required.  7+ years experience in project management and business analysis.  Excellent customer service and people skills.  Expert using MS Project, and Visio (Documentation program skills).  Excellent problem solving skills.  Ability to meet deadlines.  Ability to manage multiple projects at one time.  Ability to work with and to interpret technical information to non-technical individuals.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.  Experience:.  Software as a service (SAAS) experience.  Experience in telecommunications field. com experience.  Certified Scrum Master/Agile experience.  Experience managing large projects.  Experience managing customer facing web projects.  Experience managing Agile Development projects.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 We are looking for an experienced technology architect who wants to deliver the next generation intelligent digital health platform that will be the foundation of our products, services, and solutions across therapeutic areas such as Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, and Oncology.  You are highly technical, analytical, able to work effectively in a matrix organization, and adept at synthesizing a variety of information including research, competitive analysis, user behavior, and new technologies / capabilities, transforming them into features and experiences that consumers love.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems or related field; .  Masters in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related preferred.  8+ years relevant experience in a software development role including experience with large scale systems.  Experience with BigData technology stack; Spark, Cassandra and Kafka including performance tuning and troubleshooting production issues.  Experience in bringing one or more AI based products deployed in production or at scale which uses machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, or natural language processing.  Experience in oAuth2 and SSL.  Experience working with Asynchronous networking frameworks ??Netty.  Experience tuning Network sockets layers in the cloud.  Experience with Complex event processing ??CEP.  Experience with reactive programming ??Vert.  Experience with ML techniques and ML runtime environment.  Experience working with Private Virtual Cloud Infrastructure.  Ability to travel internationally 25%.  10+ years relevant experience in a software development role.  Experience with Druid, Neo4J, TensorFlow, PySpark, Vert.  Experience in Kubernetes KubeFlow.  Experience with network mesh for service-discovery, load balancing, ALB; Apps Load Balancing, blue-green deployment.  Experience working with Quality Management Systems.  Experience with medical devices and/or Software as a Medical Device.  Familiarity with Wearable and IoT Devices.  Experience with developing Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality hardware/software solutions.
 Skills and .  Experience:.  Undergraduate degree in a fascinating subject.  2+ years of Customer Success or Account Management experience.  SalesForce, Excel, G-suite experience is a plus.  Bonus points if you have experience in marketing, sales, or the Software / SaaS industry.
 We have an exciting new opportunity for a senior technologist and experienced digital transformation leader for the GA ITS Solutions organization.  Develop and implement a strategy for creating proficiency with next generation IT capabilities focused on cloud programming and applications, low code/no code solutions and automation capabilities (Robotic Process Automation (RPA), Artificial Intelligence (AI)/ Machine learning (ML) applications and mobility/wearables technologies).  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
 Experience executing projects using Agile methods.  Excellent stakeholder relationship management, including external customer facing experience is required.  Required Skills .  Experience.  Experience in playing the Scrum Master role for at least 2 years for a software development team that was diligently applying Scrum principles, practices, and theory.  Project Manager experience with additional Agile exposure will be considered.  Knowledge of various well documented patterns and techniques for filling in the intentional gaps left in the Scrum approach example numerous Burndown technologies, various Retrospective formats, handling bugs, etc.  Excellent communication and mentoring skills.  Preferred Skills .  Experience Any of these is a plus.  Experience is playing the Scrum Master role for at least two years for a software development team that was diligently applying Scrum principles, practices, and theory.  Knowledge of other Agile approaches XP, Kanban, Crystal, FDD,SAFe etc.  Awareness and experience with widely successful Agile techniques User Stories, ATDD, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Agile Games.  The experience in applying a wide variety of well documented patterns and techniques for filling in the intentional gaps left in the Scrum approach example various Burndown technologies, many Retrospective formats, handling bugs, etc.
 3+ years of Customer Success experience within the financial industry or with SaaS products in a B2B environment.  BA/BS degree or equivalent.  Strong business background including account management, problem-solving and business planning.  Ability to synthesize and summarize client feedback systematically.  Strong cross-functional communication skills and the ability to collaborate effectively with various groups.  Excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills.  Proven account management and account growth experience.  Proven ability to manage multiple projects at a time while paying strict attention to detail.  Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills.  Ability to travel at least 40%.
 Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as :.  Required Skills/.  Experience.  A degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field with 6-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets.
 Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as :.  Required Skills/.  Experience.  A degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field with 6-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets.
Q Analysts is looking for a QA Test Lead who will be working with experienced Testers on testing voice based consumer devices for android based assistant products. Skills: .  Experience in all phases of the software and testing lifecycle, from inception through deploymentDemonstrable project leadership experience.  Experience designing and building frameworks to automate functional testingTest Planning and StrategyRepresent the Testing Team in meetings with Business Owners, Tech Managers and other Stakeholders.  Experience with Device Testing and Mobile Testing.  Experience of Testing with Emulators and Simulators.  Experience working with black-box and white-box testing methodologies.  Strong software design debugging and testing skillsSelf-starter who can get work done with minimal supervisionProficient in SQL and the ability to analyze the data flows and create dashboardsEducation/.  Experience: .  Bachelors or Associate's degreeAND3+ years of experience in a QA or related roleAbout Q AnalystsJoin Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization.  Q Analysts provides industry-leading managed services that drive Quality for Quality Assurance and Testing of hardware devices, software apps and experiences as well as Ground Truth Data Services for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Experience Program.  Experience:Leadership: 2 years (Required)SQL: 3 years (Required)Quality Assurance: 5 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required).
 As the feature set grows, we need to ensure that user experience for both basic and advanced users is as smooth as possible, little training is needed, and the military users can intuitively use the tool to help them think about tactics rather than spending their time thinking about how to use the tool.  Expert (SME) of military Courses of Action analysis, wargaming and simulation software systems.  Prior military tactical experience and/or understanding of the military operations and capabilities would be a strong asset, although not required.  Key Skills to Have.  Strong Military experience; Officer level, Leader and tactical/combat strongly preferred, some combo required.  Excellent communicator.  Experience to Have, Some Combination needed.  Software development experience.
 Collaborates with internal stakeholders, the development team and Scrum Master to develop, design, build and launch the product.  Experience in managing the delivery and expansion of a product in the digital platform, with data management, API, integration over the entire lifecycle in a global environment.  Bachelors degree in a relevant field; or relevant work experience.  Experience conveying current technology trends (e. , AI and grid computing); excellent feel for exceptional user experiences and design.  Experience as a Product Owner / Product Manager within a digital enterprise.  Strong knowledge of software development lifecycle and experience in Agile methodologies.  Strong communication skills with ability to articulate and optimize design based on the value to the user and the business, lead idealization sessions and workshops.
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  This job is for a Engineering Manager supporting a major MSC program where responsibilities include portions of Cost, Schedule, and Technical performance.  Experience with Agile software development techniques and associated business rhythms (e.  Strong systems/mission engineering and/or test/training technical skill sets and background in support of Agile methods within DevOps organization.  Strong system engineering skills to include problem solving, system definition, system design, system deployment and operations support.  GEOINT community background - familiarity with the domain/products/customer-set.  Desired Skills:.  Experience as team or project lead; possess strong communication skills and be technically innovative.  Must be able to lead, drive, and energize a team of multiple skills and job disciplines.  Ability to work well with, as well as lead, virtual team members (LM, Sub, Customer, SI).  Knowledge of the following COTS/FOSS Technologies:.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 MS/MA in statistics, mathematics, economics, or other quantitative field.  Minimum 5 years of experience in quantitative solution building.  Superior programing skills (SQL, SAS, Python, ProgR, or similar) and familiarity with advanced analytics.  Strong small business knowledge and familiarity with financial statements.  Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills coupled with data management ability.  Ability to translate financial modeling terminology into terms understandable to diverse groups and give cohesive presentations.  Preferred Skills:.  Previous experience working with Small Business/Business Banking credit analytics.  Experience with third party small business data, such as SBFE scores and attributes.  Advanced skills in Excel with knowledge of spreadsheet functionality and VBA.
 This is a tenure eligible position depending on experience and qualifications.  Compensation commensurate with experience.  Experience & Educational Background:.  in Computer Science, AI, Machine Learning, or related field plus industry experience.  Alternatively, a masters degree plus significant professional experience in AI and machine learning is sufficient.  Skills & Competencies:.  Strong network of industry connections.  Critical to our mission is creating an exemplary student and faculty experience.
 Strong interpersonal skills and strong attention to detail.  Required Skills:.  5-10 years of related experience.  Bachelors degree in business administration or a similar field.
 Experience executing projects using Agile methods.  Excellent stakeholder relationship management, including external customer facing experience is required.  Required Skills .  Experience.  Experience in playing the Scrum Master role for at least 2 years for a software development team that was diligently applying Scrum principles, practices, and theory.  Project Manager experience with additional Agile exposure will be considered.  Knowledge of various well documented patterns and techniques for filling in the intentional gaps left in the Scrum approach example numerous Burndown technologies, various Retrospective formats, handling bugs, etc.  Excellent communication and mentoring skills.  Preferred Skills .  Experience Any of these is a plus.  Experience is playing the Scrum Master role for at least two years for a software development team that was diligently applying Scrum principles, practices, and theory.  Knowledge of other Agile approaches XP, Kanban, Crystal, FDD,SAFe etc.  Awareness and experience with widely successful Agile techniques User Stories, ATDD, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, Agile Games.  The experience in applying a wide variety of well documented patterns and techniques for filling in the intentional gaps left in the Scrum approach example various Burndown technologies, many Retrospective formats, handling bugs, etc.
 Proven experience demonstrating an understanding of Salesforce Lightning and Communities is required.  Required Skills:.  Past experience with gathering requirements.  Proven ability to gather requirements, functional specifications, QA test scripts is ideal.  Experience working with Salesforce Lightning and Salesforce Community Cloud.  Experience with Salesforce CPQ.  Additional Skills Desired:.  Experience.
 Proven experience demonstrating an understanding of Salesforce Lightning and Communities is required.  Required Skills:.  Past experience with gathering requirements.  Proven ability to gather requirements, functional specifications, QA test scripts is ideal.  Experience working with Salesforce Lightning and Salesforce Community Cloud.  Experience with Salesforce CPQ.  Additional Skills Desired:.  Experience.
 Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent education required.  Minimum years of work experience: 2+ years of experience in large complex information systems, and/or Cloud environments.  Ability to pass and maintain background investigation and/or security clearance process.  Phone and email based direct customer support experience.  Excellent time management, organizational, communication skills.  Experience troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems (applications, operating systems, networking and storage).  Familiarity with cloud support engineering practices including work with customer support for maintenance and repair requests.  Experience with system monitoring and alerting tools for availability, reliability and performance.  Ability to support failover and handle datacenter region outages.  Hands-on experience working with various software/tools in support of systems/networks (examples: Kubernetes, AMQ, Grafana, Sumologic, Nagios, SaltStack, Zenoss, HP OpenView).  Experience with an IT or SaaS environment.  Ability to run packet captures and network trace analysis.  Good skills in one of the languages ?밪hell scripting, Python, or Perl.  Strong work ethic and a strong sense of urgency with a can-do attitude.
 Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent education required.  Minimum years of work experience: 2+ years of experience in large complex information systems, and/or Cloud environments.  Ability to pass and maintain background investigation and/or security clearance process.  Phone and email based direct customer support experience.  Excellent time management, organizational, communication skills.  Experience troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems (applications, operating systems, networking and storage).  Familiarity with cloud support engineering practices including work with customer support for maintenance and repair requests.  Experience with system monitoring and alerting tools for availability, reliability and performance.  Ability to support failover and handle datacenter region outages.  Hands-on experience working with various software/tools in support of systems/networks (examples: Kubernetes, AMQ, Grafana, Sumologic, Nagios, SaltStack, Zenoss, HP OpenView).  Experience with an IT or SaaS environment.  Ability to run packet captures and network trace analysis.  Good skills in one of the languages ?밪hell scripting, Python, or Perl.  Strong work ethic and a strong sense of urgency with a can-do attitude.
 Validate, prioritize, communicate, and track the delivery of customer requirements for AI/ML solutions.  Skills include:.  Ability to effectively communicate with and coordinate cross-functional teams, government and industry, senior and operational stakeholders.  Experience in team project management, with a record of being detail-oriented, self-motivated, a constant learner, capable of enabling successful delivery of IT solutions as THE team leader.  Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to interact professionally with all program stakeholder.  Experience in operating and/or working within the DoD intelligence environment or equivalent government agencies with field level experience preferred.  Skills include:.  Prior experience with INSCOM.  Understanding and familiarity with Agile Development and DEVOPS.  Strong understanding of Military and IC networks.  Scrum Master Certified.  Experience include:.  10 years of experience required in national or theater agency-level product report writing, with 5+ years of experience in multi-team, divisional team Project Management.  Bachelors Degree required or 4 additional years of experience may be substituted for bachelors degree.  Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations.
 BSEE or related degree required engineering or computer science, MBA is a plus.  Minimum of 10 years of product marketing experience in related high-tech, B2B markets.  Experience in verticals like High Performance Computing, Machine Learning & Data Center.  Ability to work in and influence cross-functional teams.  Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills.
 Experienced.  Strong analytical and communication skills, a well-developed strategy tool kit, financial services, technology (or related industry) experience and the ability to successfully influence change in a matrix organization will be tremendously important.  Areas of particular relevance to the bank and Treasury include customer experience, fintech strategy, payments/faster payments, digital identity, cybersecurity, biometrics, artificial intelligence, big data analytics, and blockchain technology.  Experience:.  Minimum of 10 years of diverse professional work experience analyzing markets, industries, and analytics statements.  Minimum of 5 years of management and leadership experience.  Strong business acumen and expertise in strategy development.  Strong analytical and modeling skills.  Strong problem solving skills such as prioritization, critical thinking and hypothesis development.  Ability to think pragmatically, not just theoretically, and drive execution of concepts.  Experience in Technology/Software a plus.  Financial service or management consulting experience is preferred, but not essential.  Knowledge and Skills:.  Ability to lift items weighing approximately 20 pounds on a limited basis is required.
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Robotics or a related field.  Experience working with Machine Learning or Computer Vision techniques.  Hands-on experience and strong background with modern project/software management processes and tools, e.
 Taoglas has proven expertise globally across the transportation, connected healthcare, smart cities and smart building industries. MAIN PURPOSE OF JOB: We are looking for an experienced IoT UI/UX expert who will lead our global product marketing development and commercial programs for our IoT software platforms.  This role has a unique mix of both creative and commercial responsibilities with heavy focus of developing best-in-class user experience that will delight our customers and help drive IoT adoption in all of our targeted verticals.  You will be responsible for driving roadmap and commercialization of our evolving platforms for analytics, ML, AI, device management and data-as-a-service offerings -- and have a combined passion for visual design and best user experience with a customer centered problem solving approach. Elevate Taoglas existing IoT platforms and ensure best-in-class product experiences. Create roadmap for Taoglas IoT platform development with new features and improved user experience. Establish user experience principles, guidelines for usability and site application metrics. Conduct user research, understand market needs, provide product specifications, test new ideas, validate capabilities, and continuously evaluate intuitiveness and user experience of products. Design the UI architecture, interface, and interaction flow of applications and experiences. COMPETENCIES: Business AcumenCollaboration SkillsCommunication .  ProficiencyCustomer / Client FocusDecision MakingFlexibilityInitiativePresentation SkillsProblem Solving / AnalysisStrategic DrivenTechnical CapacityThoroughnessREQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: .  Bachelors degree in a related field of work or equivalent experienceMinimum 5 years of UI/UX role experience.  Experience with IoT Applications and wireframing toolsDetailed oriented problem solver.  Knowledge of current wireframe tools and proficient in Adobe creative suitePREFERRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 7+ years of UI/UX experienceDeep understanding of software and technology, specifically with wireless systems, IoT, analytics, AI/ML and or big data.  Experience:UI / UX: 5 years (Required)IoT and Wireframing Tools: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offTuition reimbursementThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureStable -- traditional, stable, strong processesSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shiftCompany's website:www.
 At its core, our visual computing technology not only enables an amazing computing experience, it is energy efficient! We pioneered a supercharged form of computing loved by the most demanding computer users in the world - scientists, designers, artists, and gamers.  BE/BS or MS in Computer Science/IT, with 15+ years equivalent experience.  Ability to mediate requests from disparate tenants, work with leaders to understand priorities and apply judgment to determine the appropriate balance between agility, productivity and stability/quality.  International and US Govt experience is a plus.
We are looking for an Administrative Assistant with a minimum of 5 years of experience who enjoys problem-solving and taking on new challenges in a next generation artificial intelligence products tailored for energy and environmental market customers in both foreign and domestic commercial/industrial markets.  Admin tasks will utilize knowledge and experience using Acclivity Accounting, Adobe, Microsoft Excel/PowerPoint/Word, and customer email/phone interface and support.  What you get to do every single day:Organize word processor docs, files, and faxesAnswer telephone and email correspondenceProvide help when needed with various projects for other employeesProficient computer skills including word processing, spreadsheets, presentation software, as well as customer and vendor database systemsAt least 5 years of Administrative Assistant experience preferred.  Skills in internet research.  Excellent communication skills (written and verbal)Domestic (Truck/FedEx/UPS) shipment execution tasksGlobal Ocean Container Export shipment execution tasksWe are a creative, dynamic company seeking an ambitious individual to come join our growing company.  Experience:Administrative Duties: 5 years (Required)Work Location:One locationHours per week:30-39Typical start time:10AMTypical end time:5PMSetting:OtherErgonomic Workspace:YesFinancial Duties:Expense reportsProcessing paymentsBillingPayrollPurchasingThis Job Is:A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to applyA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Experience Goals and Measures.  Required Skills:.  Minimum of 8 years' experience as a Product Manager.  Experience running product management across the Analytics spectrum ranging from basic operational reports up to predictive analytics, including Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI).  Ability to lead definition of key performance indicators / metrics.  Experience working with data models, reporting and visualization tools Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Qlik, etc.  Experience with business intelligence pipelines and data warehousing solutions.  Proven mentor skills and demonstrable knowledge of SDLC, Agile development methodologies, and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).  Experience with managing offshore product owners and development teams.  Proven track record of timely, high quality product delivery.  Preferred Skills:.  Experience with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tools such as Salesforce.  Experience in the FinTech or Banking industry.  Experience designing and deploying integrations with third party enterprise software systems.  Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority.  Ability to demonstrate product in front of large customer forums or at sales engagement.  Knowledge of JIRA, Aha!, and Microsoft Office.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree in finance business, or technology related field.
 Quarterback onboarding, optimize customer experience and ensure on-going technical and project support to clients;.  Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience;.  5+ years' experience honing your consultative approach and project management skills in a Customer Success, Account Management, Business Development, and/or other client-facing role in the AI/ML/NLP space;.  Experience navigating complex global business organization across multiple geographies to develop knowledge and understanding of DefinedCrowds customers business models to provide maximum value;.  Familiarity with project management tools such as TaskRay, Trello, etc;.  Proven ability to effectively partner with internal teams throughout all aspects of project delivery lifecycle;.
 Computer Sciences or 5+ years of Software Application development experience.  5+ years of experience working across functions (Engineering, Product Management, Legal) in order to deliver a product or features.  5+ years of organizational coordination experience in a technical company.  5 or more years of problem-solving experience with large scale technical systems.  5 or more years of experience understanding product requirements and translating those product needs into plans.  Technical Industrial experience in large scale Machine learning/Artificial intelligence or scaling out data engineering and infrastructure.
 To be successful in this role you must have excellent critical thinking skills, enjoy succeeding in task-orientated goals, and be able to communicate with partners from different experience levels and cultures.  Proven work experience as a Project Leader/Manager or similar role.  Ability to handle partner requirements.  Strong communication and teamwork skills.  Must have a high level attention to details.  Excellent communication skills, an ability to create relationships with many different levels and cultures and be detail focused.  Some experience in project management.  Proven organizational skills, including multitasking and time-management.  BSc in Business Administration, related field, or equivalent professional experience.  Preferred experience and key factors.  Experience from Pharma industry is a plus.
 To be successful in this role you must have excellent critical thinking skills, the ability to handle multifaceted, cross-functional projects, and be able to communicate with partners from different experience levels and cultures.  Proven work experience in a project management role.  Must have a high level of attention to detail.  Ability to employ professional judgement and analytical skills to manage complexity uncertainty, project risks, stakeholder expectations and project timelines.  Must be self-motivated, goal-oriented, and able to demonstrate excellent customer service skills at all times.  Excellent multi-tasking and time-management skills.  Strong communication, negotiation and teamwork skills.  Strong analytical skills.  BSc in Business Administration, related field, or equivalent professional experience.  Preferred experience and key factors.  Experience from Pharma industry is significant advantage.  Experience in a data management role a significant advantage.
 Bachelor's Degree.  5 years' relevant industry experience required; Operations experience preferred.  Expert knowledge in document management, knowledge management, IP asset management, contract management, eDiscovery, information governance, information technology, and electronic information management principles, solutions, and best practices required.  Experience leading large, strategic global initiatives with significant influence globally.  Strong negotiation and communication skills (both oral and written).  Ability to communicate issues in a clear and understandable manner.  Must be able to translate between technical and requirements to effectively achieve results.  Strong experience in technology change management, project management, business process management and system implementation.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships internally as well as externally.
 Proven짰Seed and Dyna-Gro짰Seed; as well as financial, custom application and precision ag services.  Diverse views and experience make us strong.  Masters degree (PhD strongly preferred) in a Data Science or related field (e. ) required plus 16 years of experience; or PhD and 12 years of experience.  Strong Programming experience with ProgR, Python, and/or other quantitative software.  Strong experience in applying statistical modeling, machine learning, exploratory, and confirmatory data analysis in mid to large volume biomedical data sets.  Experience using big data platforms such as Hadoop (Spark is a plus).  Expert-level skills and experience with Python (preferred), ProgR, Matlab, or other analytics languages.  Experience with relational and NoSQL databases, AWS, or Azure.  Broad experience and solid theoretical foundation on the modeling process using a variety of algorithmic techniques, including Machine Learning, NLP, and Graph/Network Analytics.  Experience in the telecommunications industry, or other consumer-based industries.  Experience Required: Big Data Tools, particularly HIVE, Spark, GraphX.
 Required Skills:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 9 years of related experience; .  Masters degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 7 years of related experience; or PhD in similar disciplines with a minimum of 5 years related experience.  Minimum of 2 years of lead experience.  Demonstrated experience leading teams charged with developing new and innovative Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Analytics applications in support of IT.  Demonstrated experience with the ongoing support and maintenance of AI, Analytics and Data Science applications.  Expertise with new techniques in math, statistics, visualization, and generalization from these techniques.  Expertise in identification, prototyping, and selection of new AI, and Analytics techniques for study and investigation.  Knowledge of service centers, budget and schedule experience as well as the chargeback system.  Excellent verbal, presentation, and written communication skills.  Desired Skills:.  Demonstrated experience interfacing with missions and projects and program offices in the areas of AI, Analytics, and Data Science applications.  Demonstrated experience and knowledge of business line activities within JPLs various directorates.  Demonstrated experience of project or sustained application deliveries to JPLs various directorates.  Ability to build and motivate a technically strong team with the necessary depth and breadth of expertise.  Proven ability to work effectively with people.  Experience leading AI and Analytics evaluations and deployments.  Ability to Obtain Work Authorization.
BAE Systems is looking for an experience Database Administrator for their USMC Wargaming Center which will be developed and operated from our McLean VA location.  Required Skills and Education.  Bachelors with 12 years of Database Administration experience,.  Experience in advanced SQL, or Microsoft technologies.  Must also able to quickly troubleshoot and respond to problems and tweak the database to operate as efficiently as possible.  Must possess the ability to create an efficient physical database design from a logical data model and application specifications.  Must collect, store, manage, and enable the ability to query the organization's metadata.  Must be able to translate a data model or logical database design into an actual physical database implementation and to manage that database once it has been implemented.  Must implement an appropriate database backup and recovery strategy based on data volatility and application availability requirements.  Must be able to design databases so that only accurate and appropriate data is entered and maintained.  Must be able to proactively monitor the database environment and to make changes to data structures, SQL, application logic or the DBMS subsystem to optimize performance.  Must be able to ensure data availability using non-disruptive administration tactics.  Must possess in-depth SQL knowledge so they can understand and review SQL and host language programs and to recommend changes for optimization.  Must possess procedural skills to help design, debug, implement, and maintain stored procedures, triggers, and user-defined functions that are stored in the DBMS.  Must be prepared to support more data, more users, and more connections.  Must understand the basic tenets of relational database technology and be able to accurately communicate them to others.  Preferred Skills and Education.  Masters Degree.
 The role requires an experienced, entrepreneurial, charismatic, collaborative and thoughtful individual who is capable of engaging on a global stage and mobilizing leaders across industry, civil society and foundations ??all in the pursuit of shaping a movement that leverages data science to tackle far-reaching, global challenges. Launched in January 2020 and building on an initial five-year, $50M commitment from the Rockefeller Foundation and Mastercard, data. The Ideal CandidateThe Executive Director will be an experienced, and collaborative team-builder, a leader with an entrepreneurial mindset who possesses strong oral and written communications skills and is sensitive to the needs of various stakeholders.  Experience, .  Knowledge, Skills and AbilitiesA minimum of 10 years of professional leadership experience working at the intersection of technology and social change.  Familiarity with the current state of data science and artificial intelligence in academia, industry, government and civil society ??in the US and internationally.  Experience building productive partnerships and working with senior leaders in industry, civil society and funding institutions.  Experience representing an organizations brand and value proposition to attract and develop partners, interpersonal relationship abilities, intercultural knowledge and appreciation, strategic partnership building.  Strong interpersonal and communication abilities; exceptional listening, written and verbal skills.  Ability: .  Ability to see opportunities, design innovative and creative approaches backed by strong analysis and planning.  Strong sense for messaging, themes and techniques that can be clearly articulated to partner with and influence others including government, business, and the media.  Strong project management skills, deadline management, decision making, sense of responsibility and accountability, and the ability to effectively multi-task.  Ability to manage staff, vendors and contractors to ensure timely, high-quality work product. You may be at a large organization looking to make a switch and have global impact or you may be experienced in entrepreneurship looking to bring your talents to a social good mission.  We welcome applicants of all experiences and backgrounds to apply.  Experience:professional leadership: 10 years (Required)Schedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
Requirements: Degree in journalism, communications, marketing, or a related field is preferred3 or more years of social media experience including planning and managing content in a corporate, or agency setting.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills and must have a thorough understanding of social media management and strategy.  Experience in the management of LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram and email service provider platforms.  Experience using various analytics software.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment. Basic project management skills and a working knowledge of online marketing, HTML, CMS, email and e-commerce platforms, as well as PhotoshopMicrosoft Office 365 and Google GSuite skills with the ability to pick up other internal tools and systems, such as Microsoft Teams and/or SlackWe need someone with excellent communication skills and who has a sharp attention to detail.  This position could manage creative assets such as video editors, or graphic designers, and being able to sweat the details is criticalHighly collaborative mentality, but also the ability to effectively work independentlySomeone who has strong organizational and project management experience, including problem-solving skills and the ability to multi-task, handling multiple projects simultaneouslySomeone with exceptional interpersonal skills who is self-motivated and driven and has the proven ability to "get things done.  Experience:Digital marketing: 2 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceFlexible scheduleThis Job Is:Open to applicants who do not have a college diplomaSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Ability to make new and useful ideas work Level 5: Creates new and relevant ideas and leads others to implement them.  Ability to persuade others to follow Level 5: Plans and acts transparently, actively works to remove barriers.  Ability to improve performance and satisfaction Level 5: Models high professional standards and motivates excellence in others.  Ability to listen, adapt, persuade and transform Level 5: Gains trust of peers, partners, clients by presenting complex concepts in practical terms to others.  Ability to get things done while exercising good judgement.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Ability to build strong and sustainable relationships and capability to interact at all levels within the organization.  Ability to deliver in a high pressure environment.  Ability to handle complex situations and multiple responsibilities simultaneously, mixing long-term projects with the urgency of immediate demands.  Ability to collaborate with and achieve actionable results.  Ability to develop digital initiatives and oversee the development of long-term plans and proposals to support business objectives.  Ability to challenge, convince and manage multiple stakeholders.  Ability to effectively drive business, culture, and technology change in a dynamic and complex operating environment.  Strong business acumen; understands the key financial drivers and dynamics related to growth and revenue goalsFull knowledge of project, risk and operations management.  Ability to formulate and allocate budgets.  Strong conceptual thinking to develop new strategies & innovative projectsSelf-motivated and able to work with a high degree of autonomyFully committed and motivated to achieve the aims of UNDP and the SDGs.  Required Skills and .  Experience.  Masters Degree in fields related to Business Administration, Public Administration or Management, Computer Science, Innovation Management or equivalent.  A first-level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.  Experience:.  At least 8 years of professional experience in innovation management and/or digital product development at a senior level.  Strong understanding of the human-centered design and lean startup methodologies.  Proven track record in driving projects - effectively delivering impactful elements of projects in fast-moving environment, ideally for new businesses, new business models, startups.  Experience in supporting innovations to scale within large organizations and change management.  Practical experience of innovation management within the UN and/or international development environment.  Excellent knowledge of English, as well as writing, presentation, and communication skills.  Applicants are reviewed based on the Required Skills and .  Experience stated above and based on the technical evaluation criteria outlined below.  Demonstrated experience and deep understanding of technology innovations (e.  Demonstrated experience in working with multicultural and remote teams ( Maximum 10 points).  Demonstrated experience in a social mission-driven organization with a global scale.
 Experience with program management and monitoring and evaluation is highly desired.  Experience:.  Bachelors degree and ten years of relevant experience, or combination of education and relevant experience.  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:.  Excellent interpersonal and communications skills with the ability to cultivate professional and business partnerships.  Strong project planning and management skills.  Experience in or knowledge of business process improvement methodology.  Ability to act independently and as part of a team.
 Analysts are expected to collaborate with clients and teammates throughout the project cycle to ensure satisfaction with the process and final deliverable쨌 Think creatively about data sources and methodologies that could provide client value쨌 Liaise with internal Quid teams to share learnings, identify upsell opportunities and continue contributing to the evolution of our productYour Qualifications쨌 1-4 years of relevant work experience, preferably in management consulting, market research, or similar data analytics/business intelligence role.  Excellent communication skills and the ability to explain complex concepts clearly and concisely쨌 A mix of quantitative and qualitative skills; the ideal associate should excel at storytelling with data and demonstrate strong unstructured problem-solving abilities쨌 .  Ability to rapidly learn new software tools and analytical techniques쨌 The power to take initiative, communicate across teams, and solve problems creatively and proactively쨌 .  Experience in a client-facing role, building and growing relationships with customers, is a plusQuid is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. 00 per hourEducation:Bachelor's (Required).
 Analysts are expected to collaborate with clients and teammates throughout the project cycle to ensure satisfaction with the process and final deliverable쨌 Think creatively about data sources and methodologies that could provide client value쨌 Liaise with internal Quid teams to share learnings, identify upsell opportunities and continue contributing to the evolution of our productYour Qualifications쨌 1-4 years of relevant work experience, preferably in management consulting, market research, or similar data analytics/business intelligence role.  Excellent communication skills and the ability to explain complex concepts clearly and concisely쨌 A mix of quantitative and qualitative skills; the ideal associate should excel at storytelling with data and demonstrate strong unstructured problem-solving abilities쨌 .  Ability to rapidly learn new software tools and analytical techniques쨌 The power to take initiative, communicate across teams, and solve problems creatively and proactively쨌 .  Experience in a client-facing role, building and growing relationships with customers, is a plusQuid is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. 00 per hourEducation:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:Fully RemoteWork Remotely:Yes.
 Must Haves:.  7+ years of experience as an individual contributor.  1-3 years of supervisory experience required (experience leading and scaling a team preferred).  Experience working in all lifecycle phases of distributed applications having separate environments for development, testing, quality assurance, and production.  Proven experience writing JSON and XML based RESTful and asynchronous services with unit and integration testing.  Proven experience writing web applications/apps/user interfaces.  Experience using build tools with continuous integration or continuous delivery.  Experience writing unit, integration and functional tests for both front and back ends.  Strong understanding of the agile software development process.  Hands on experience with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or other cloud providers.  Experience with http and other network protocols.  Hands on experience with databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL with SQL skills.  Experience with Java 8 or above.  Experience with Groovy 2+ or 3+.  Experience with TypeScript or ES6+.  Experience with Angular 2+, React, or Vue.  Experience with Node and NPM.  Experience with testing frameworks and libraries; JUnit, RestAssured, Mockito and Spock.  Experience with front end testing frameworks; Jasmine and Protractor.
 BMA is seeking an experienced Human Factors Analyst II to support the U.  Experience: (Required).  "Five (5) years of experience gained within the past 10 years (2010 to present) in system readiness evaluation in any of the following:.  Experience with Soldier readiness, unit readiness, and Army readiness; unit employment; mission context; mission tasks; tactics, techniques, and procedures; and platform integration.  "Five (5) years of experience gained within the past 10 years (2010 to present) in evaluation sciences in any of the following:.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following programming languages common in data science: Python, ProgR, Java, SQL, and/or No-SQL); and.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following math packages common in data science: MATLAB, JMP, and/or SAS.  Experience:.  Master's degree in a relevant field and three years field experience in human factors engineering or testing of major military systems.  Shall include experience in Manpower Personnel Training (MPT) and/or the use of human development or testing military systems which would include experience in the use of human factors instrumentation.
 Experience, Content Creation, Marketing Products, etc.  This role is an experienced lead or senior-level position reporting to the Senior Director of Product Management and you will be working directly with the CPO regularly.  7+ years of experience as a product operations manager or equivalent operations or program management role, ideally for end-user, consumer, and enterprise products.  2+ years of experience in product management, ideally for end-user and consumer facing products.  Experience with data analysis, with a good grasp of SQL.  Experience executing go-to-market product launches, coordinating cross-functional teams.  Experience working directly with engineering and design teams to work out last-mile product details and decisions during launches.  Proven ability to identify, analyze, and solve ambiguous problems with extreme attention to detail on tight deadlines.  Experience deriving and presenting insights to business leaders.  Experience executing Voice of the Customer, User Research and Insights, or similar programs.  Preferred experience operating multi-stakeholder and multi-channel products (i.  Preferred experience having used e-learning or other continuous learning products.  To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 A Bachelor's Degree in Business, Business Administration, Information Management, Computer Science or the equivalent.  A minimum of 3-5+ Years' experience managing software implementation projects.  SaaS/PaaS implementation experience.  Excellent business communication, organizational and project management skills.  Strong computer skills.  Excellent time management and decision-making skills.
8+ years related experience in program and business analysis, including process improvement, project management, and budget preparation activities.  Experience with US Army or USMC maneuver warfare is required. Coding experience with AI/ML highly desired.  Experience planning, coordinating, and sequencing software/IT delivery tasks in an Agile software development environment.  Excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.  Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesPowerful analytical and problem solving skills ??including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. Advanced MS Word and PowerPoint skills; proficient Excel and Outlook application skills.  Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion.  Experience with navigating the Pentagons processes and the military chain of command is desirable.  Experience with the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process is also desirable.  Must have a DoD Top Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain an SCI.
 10+ years of experience in Security engineering and Security operations and Incident response teams.  Experience with cloud, IaaS, PaaS, ?쁭etwork-as-a-service environment is preferable.  Knowledge of advanced persistent threats, IOCs, and attack patterns.  Experience with vulnerability management programs, processes and tools.  Ability to handle high stress situations with key partners.  Excellent executive communication skills.
 Ability to make new and useful ideas work Level 5: Creates new and relevant ideas and leads others to implement them.  Ability to persuade others to follow Level 5: Plans and acts transparently, actively works to remove barriers.  Ability to improve performance and satisfaction Level 5: Models high professional standards and motivates excellence in others.  Ability to listen, adapt, persuade and transform Level 5: Gains trust of peers, partners, clients by presenting complex concepts in practical terms to others.  Ability to get things done while exercising good judgement.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Ability to build strong and sustainable relationships and capability to interact at all levels within the organization.  Ability to deliver in a high pressure environment.  Ability to handle complex situations and multiple responsibilities simultaneously, mixing long-term projects with the urgency of immediate demands.  Ability to collaborate with and achieve actionable results.  Ability to develop digital initiatives and oversee the development of long-term plans and proposals to support business objectives.  Ability to challenge, convince and manage multiple stakeholders.  Ability to effectively drive business, culture, and technology change in a dynamic and complex operating environment.  Strong business acumen; understands the key financial drivers and dynamics related to growth and revenue goalsFull knowledge of project, risk and operations management.  Ability to formulate and allocate budgets.  Strong conceptual thinking to develop new strategies & innovative projectsSelf-motivated and able to work with a high degree of autonomyFully committed and motivated to achieve the aims of UNDP and the SDGs.  Required Skills and .  Experience.  Masters Degree in fields related to Business Administration, Public Administration or Management, Computer Science, Innovation Management or equivalent.  A first-level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.  Experience:.  At least 8 years of professional experience in innovation management and/or digital product development at a senior level.  Strong understanding of the human-centered design and lean startup methodologies.  Proven track record in driving projects - effectively delivering impactful elements of projects in fast-moving environment, ideally for new businesses, new business models, startups.  Experience in supporting innovations to scale within large organizations and change management.  Practical experience of innovation management within the UN and/or international development environment.  Excellent knowledge of English, as well as writing, presentation, and communication skills.  Applicants are reviewed based on the Required Skills and .  Experience stated above and based on the technical evaluation criteria outlined below.  Demonstrated experience and deep understanding of technology innovations (e.  Demonstrated experience in working with multicultural and remote teams ( Maximum 10 points).  Demonstrated experience in a social mission-driven organization with a global scale.
 Bachelor Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or Information Technology or equivalent experience required.  Knowledge of automation software platforms and network technologies experience required.  Experience in a sales or customer service role preferred.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills via phone, email and in person are required.  Familiarity with digital marketing and social media methodologies.
Job Responsibilities: 쨌 Possess strong experience and skills with intelligence analysis writing, with an understanding of producing products that are ICD 203/206 compliant.  Experiences conducting analysis or investigations of foreign threats to supply chains and knowledge of foreign tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).  Experience managing personnel administrative requirements a plus. Requirements: 쨌 10+ years of Senior Intel Analyst experience쨌 5+ years of Supply Chain Risk Management쨌 At least 1 year experience in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Technology쨌 5+ years of Interagency experience쨌 2+ management experience쨌 Writing experience쨌 TS/SCI clearance쨌 Not required but is a plus to possess CompTIA Security+ or equivalentEiden Systems Corporation (ESC) is a 35+-year-old Consulting Company seeking professionals who possess exceptional interpersonal and consultative skills. ESC offers you a challenging and career rewarding experience where you will work with industry-recognized leaders and technologies to deliver mission critical systems and services.  To investigate current and upcoming opportunities with ESC, please submit a current resume in MS Word format.
 Experience.  3+ years of experience in lead generation or Business development.  Healthcare industry experience preferred.  Experience with CRM systems such as Salesforce.  Excellent communication, negotiation and customer service skills.  Strong analytical skills to monitor data capture and use of reporting tools to track performance.
 Previous experience working with Health Care Providers, strong healthcare background highly desired.  You will work within the Market Activation team to monitor progress and performance against plans, engage cross-functional teams within the Edge via the Program Practice to enable an integrated consumer experience, and collaborate with key leaders across Clients broader enterprise to align the Market Activation teams activities to Clients strategic priorities.  In this role, you will gain wide-ranging experience in healthcare innovation and delivery and will be expected to use strong interpersonal and managerial skills to navigate complex and competing needs.  Bachelors degree3 years relevant project management experience or equivalent.  Familiarity with the Microsoft Office Suite (including Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Project)Superior interpersonal and communication skillsAgile and flexible work style.  Ability to work in a regulated environment.  Prior experience with Jira-based project management and reporting tools.  Familiarity with the Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) methodologyPrior experience working in a health plan, or familiarity with Medicare AdvantageProject Management Professional (PMP짰) or similar certification.  Over the past 20 years, TA Digital has positioned clients to achieve digital maturity by focusing on data, customer-centricity and exponential return on investment; by melding exceptional user experience and data-driven methodologies with artificial intelligence and machine learning, we enable digital transformations that intelligently build upon the strategies we set into motion.  5000 list as one of the most successful technology companies in the United States, TA Digital is pleased also to share high-level strategic partnerships with world class digital experience platform companies like Adobe, SAP and Salesforce and possess global partnerships with industry leaders such as Sitecore, Episerver, Elastic Path, BigCommerce, AWS, Azure and Coveo.
 Must have an Active DoD TS/SCI security clearance.  Bachelors degree in Engineering, Science, or related technical discipline with:.  10+ years of relevant professional experience.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Familiarity with Agile Development Methodologies.  Small to medium project management experience.  Familiarity with a variety of OSINT and PAI data types, data fusion, and analytic methodologies.  Familiarity with REST services, cloud computing (esp.  Familiarity with Machine Learning (ML) and Artificial Intelligence (AI).
 The core mission of this Group is to focus on optimizing client experience, maximizing global consistency, and delivering productivity.  Ability to identify and prioritize the need to haves vs.  Experience and Skills.  5-7 Years experience in area of TTS Client Services (Key focus in Client Centricity/.  Experience).  5+ Years demonstrated experience collaborating with Technology, Client Ops as well as with Snr Mgmt.  Proven ability and skill to drive Data Driven Decision Making (DDDM) by analysing and collating data from disparate and complex sources into comprehensive scorecards, dashboards or actionable data intelligence.  Experience in SAP Business Objects/ETL Tools and complex Database Schemas.  Strong analytical skills and attention to detail and ability to rationalize complex data sets intelligently.  Expertise (Data Protection/Compliance an advantage).  Experience, Communication, Persuasion and Presentation skills.  Experience with Software Development Life Cycle, software development methodologies and practices.  Ability to Develop, manage and communicate project scope, budget, and timelines.
 Develop and launch machine learning centric products and services that help our broader business, while being conscientious and cautious of impacts on core user experience.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.  Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner.  BA/BS from a leading undergraduate institution in CS/EE/General Engineering or Economics/Physics/Psychology/Math.  3+ years of product management or product marketing experience at a consumer or enterprise technology company.  Experience building and applying ML technologies to large scale problems.  Experience with product design, software development, or interaction design.  Experience with brands and agencies in the digital advertising space.  Familiarity with SQL, Python, ProgR, Minitab, or SPSS.
 Excellent triage and advanced troubleshooting skills, teaching peers those same skills to improve their success.  Identify opportunities to improve or modify products and services to improve customer effectiveness and experience, and recommend those improvements through proper channels, driving product/services enhancements and development.  Expert at turning failing or struggling accounts into successful accounts, and helping others in the team do the same.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  Experience Required:.  Demonstrated technical problem solving proficiency.  Excellent analytical and advanced troubleshooting skills with end-users/customers.  Excellent customer service and communication skills, both verbal and written.  Ability to multitask and work well in a fast-paced environment.  Demonstrated experience in a fast paced environment and meeting customer time constraints.  Implementation: broad skills in both technology & analysis; experience in communicating at a technical and functional level while managing business rapport.  Business Optimization: deep skills around business analysis/call centers; experience in the KPIs and best practices of call centers and their operations.  Education & Enablement: professional and confident public presence; experience in commanding large audiences as a trainer and/or speaker.  Engineering Services: deep skills in specialized technical & functional areas; deeply technical expertise around software engineering, programming languages, integration, and/or databases.  Experience Preferred:.  Experience using SIP signalling.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 Masters or .  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biology or a related discipline.  8+ years of experience in the Data Science and /or Digital Health space in a company ranging from start-ups to consulting firms with established Data Science practices or large Fortune 500 companies.  Experience in product management and leadership experience to design and execute on high impact data science projects / platforms.  Proven project leadership in complicated context, able to influence and engage the strategic and technical partners.  Proven track record of partnership and leading in a matrix organization.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and written skills.  Familiarity with drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining.  Experience with visualization software/tools such as ProgR, Spotfire, Tableau, etc.
 Possess strong experience and skills with intelligence analysis writing, with an understanding of producing products that are ICD 203/206 compliant.  Experiences conducting analysis or investigations of foreign threats to supply chains and knowledge of foreign tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs).  Experience managing personnel administrative requirements a plus.  10+ years of Senior Intel Analyst experience.  At least 1 year experience in Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Technology.  5+ years of Interagency experience.  2+ management experience.  Writing experience.
 Support business partners to review and manage conversational experiences on our bot & agent assist products.  Work closely with gainshare account leads, conversational designers, builders, QA and conversation analysts to manage the process of reviewing and maintaining the bot conversational experience once it is live in production.  Have a deep understanding of the ideal north star bot customer experience for each vertical that conversation design teams and templates follow.  Monitor the performance of the bot, frequently review key metrics and reports, make updates to existing conversation experiences based on review of user interactions.  Re-classify failed or mis-classified utterances, correctly annotate missed or mis-identified entities, to improve the learning and training of the bot, and optimize the overall experience.  Ensure that our bots deliver intelligent and intuitive conversations, resulting in a great customer experience on an on-going basis.  Ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical individuals.  Bot design and delivery experience, including familiarity of Natural Language Processing delivery options to meet customer needs at a global scale.  Knowledge of SaaS at scale, and have technical acumen that allows for a complete understanding of the fundamentals underlying messaging and automation technologies.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Preferred Skills:.  Experience designing, developing and deploying conversational bots.  Experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI) industry trends and business applications.  Ability to be proactive, innovative and creative in meeting customer and enterprise needs.  Ability to develop and execute business vision, strategies, and goals.  Ability to develop partnerships and collaborate with other business and functional areas.  Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities.  Ability to work and influence successfully within a matrix environment and build effective business partnerships with all levels of team members.  Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
 Interfaces with Program Managers to ensure that corporate experience, best practices, product and capabilities are leveraged correctly.  Experience:.  Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Cyber Security with a minimum of 10-years experience in the development of solution delivery for IT/Cyber projects.  Masters in an IT/CYBER field desired.  Minimum of 4 years capture and proposal development experience in a technical leadership role centered around IT/Cyber bids.  Experience and knowledge of US State and Federal Government environments, regulations, standards, and processes as well as PCI standards.  Strong creative thinking, problem solving, planning, time-management and organization skills to balance and prioritize work.  Strong human relations skills to build teams and develop collaborative solutions with management, business development, and technical staff.  Strong oral and written communication skills.  Strong and proven team leader.  Ability to develop detailed cost estimates and models for large-scale and complex solutions, integrating engineering.  Strong skills at identifying, assessing, and managing risks related to business opportunities and solutions.  Ability to create and maintain formal and informal networks with fellow employees, partners, industry, customers, and technical communities.  Desired Skills:.
 Expert knowledge of safety systems and reporting tools.  2+ years experience with Regulatory Information Management systems.  Knowledge of agile/Scrum methodology with Scrum Master/Product Owner Certification preferred.  Knowledge of current global drug safety regulations.
 Must Haves:.  7+ years of experience as an individual contributor.  1-3 years of supervisory experience required (experience leading and scaling a team preferred).  Experience working in all lifecycle phases of distributed applications having separate environments for development, testing, quality assurance, and production in the cloud.  Experience using build tools with continuous integration or continuous delivery.  Strong understanding of the agile software development process.  Hands on experience with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, or other cloud providers.  Experience with network protocols, security and configuration.  Hands on experience with databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL with SQL skills preferred.  Experience working with configuration tools such as Terraform, Ansible, Salt, Puppet, etc.  Source control experience with Git.
 Expertise in creating rational strategies for irrational human behavior to anticipate and respond to irrational human actions.  Masters degree or higher (with a minimum of 8 years experience) in the fields of education, human machine interfaces or social robotics.
 8+ years of experience with the application of data science or analytics in professional or academic settings, including machine learning, natural language processing, and predictive modeling.  Experience with managing data science projects and teams, including developing data science approaches and overseeing tasks.  Experience with programming languages, including Python and R.  Ability to obtain a security clearance.  Experience with supporting government contracting activities.  MS degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics preferred; PhD degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics a plus.
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities.  At least 5 years of post-graduation experience with health economics, health technology assessment, and outcomes research methodology used in RWE.  Candidates with less work experience, or experience in other fields, will also be considered if they have exceptional relevant methodology research credentials.  Deep understanding of Machine Learning technology, hands-on experience preferred (e.  Hands on experience performing complex RWD analysis in a cloud environment.  Hands on experience analyzing EMR and Claims Big Data (e.  Intimate familiarity with Oncology/Hematology commercial and governmental claims and EMR big and small data.  Experience with analytical platforms (e.
 We are looking for an experienced Program Manager to provide day-to-day management of the program.  Must be comfortable leading briefings and high level meetings.  Required Skills and Education.  Bachelors degree and 10+ years of relevant experience including at least 5 years of Program Management on programs over $100M in lifecycle value.  Remaining experience should be in project management or experience in a relevant field such as data analytics, intelligence analysis or AI/ML.  Strong business acumen ??highly capable of formulating and executing aggressive, but reasonable schedules in coordination with multiple subcontractor and technology vendor partners, both large and small.  Bachelors degree in management, business, data science or related field.  Preferred Skills and Education.  Experience supporting CBP.  Experience with large program stand-ups to include on-boarding employees and working staff through background investigation process.
 BS/BA with at least 5 years of experience in business development, capture, and operations.  Experience and success leading customer engagements and strategic pursuits, including identifying and accessing potential customers.  Strong understanding of complex federal government requirements and procurement.  Ability to make timely and effective decisions in assessing business opportunities.  Proven ability to build and grow revenue in accounts.  Experience providing insight and contributing to writing winning proposals and responses to federal Task Orders, RFPs, RFQs, RFIs, and Sources Sought.  Knowledge of information technology trends and their application to the federal government, including artificial intelligence, natural language processing, Open Source Intelligence (OSINT), data analytics, and cybersecurity.  Experience managing, drafting and preparing bids and proposals.  Extensive experience using Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).  Strong organizational, problem-solving, listening, and interpersonal skills.  Excellent oral and written communication skills, including writing proposals.  Ability to work effectively and perform multiple tasks under pressure.  Strong English language skills, both written and verbal.  Ability to complete assignments correctly, independently and in a timely manner.  Experience preferred.
 Using AppDynamics, youll finally align IT, DevOps, and the business around the information that helps you protect your bottom line and deliver flawless customer experiences at scale.  Contribute to continuous PMO process improvements by promoting and highlighting successful experiences.  Excellent Senior Project Managers are enthusiastic about making customers successful, they work on large projects, build positive relationships with customers and senior level stakeholders, have regular communications to update them on the project status and anticipate risks early.  Experience.  At least 5+ years of significant experience at the Project Manager level or relevant technical experience.  Direct experience leading all phases of the software implementation project lifecycle.  Experience running multiple projects simultaneously with cross-team dependencies.  Experience leading diverse project teams and project teams with 5 people or more.  Experience working with senior-level Customer stakeholders.  International experience preferred.  Required Skills.  MS Project (or similar tool) and Office apps- advanced level skill.  Proficiency in English language.  Certifications.  Bachelor's degree (Computer Science or Engineering preferred) or equivalent or relevant working experience.
 Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field).  5+ years of product management or related experience for data products.  Proven ability to lead teams and work cross-functionally with technical and non-technical team members.  Familiarity with big data technologies (such as Kafka, Hadoop, Spark and Redshift), relational databases and data products generally.  Experience with developer tools and platforms (Github, AWS, Airflow) a plus.  Experience with business intelligence tools such as Looker or Tableau is a plus.  Ability to thrive and adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth and rapidly changing environment.
Mastercards Commercial Product team develops and delivers world-class solutions for small, middle and large sized enterprises around the world.  Mastercard has developed the Track Business Payment Service.  3-5 years of experience in performing data analysis and developing business centric data strategies.  Experience in leveraging SQL, Hadoop and data analytics Business Intelligence (BI) tools such Tableau, Power BI.  Ability to decompose business and technical process flows; develop optimized solutions and articulate business requirements to technical teams for implementation.  Strong analytical skills and attention to detail, with an ability to create and present objective analysis.  Mastercard is an inclusive Equal Employment Opportunity employer that considers applicants without regard to gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, disabled or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
 Strong track record of developing self and othersFull stack Java development and IT operations experience ??current and active hands-on Java developmentExtensive experience with and a passion for Agile(Scrum, Kanban, SAFe), Lean, Extreme Programming(XP)Desired technologies: Angular JS, Pivotal Cloud Foundry, REST-based web services, Linux, AWSWorking knowledge in site reliability engineering (SRE) concepts and monitoring tools (Splunk, AppDynamics)Track record of DevOps and Site Reliability EngineeringConsistent delivery of strong business results with alignment to organizational goalsClear and effective communication at all levelsComfortable and effective in influencing/persuading senior management and large audiences.  Strong conceptual thinking/strategic/analytical/problem solving skillsManage complexities, large scope initiatives, conflicting priorities, ambiguity wellThrive under pressureWillingness and availability to support off hours (nights/weekends) as needed.
 Our staff is diverse in experience and perspective, but at our core, we share a lot of the same traits.  Experience with Salesforce or other client relationship management system a plus.  Ability to organize multiple and varied assignments.  Excellent attention to detail, quality and value.  Excellent communication, analytical, writing and presentation skills.  Strong relationship building and management skills with external and internal stakeholders.  Excellent attention to detail, quality and value.  Strong project management skills, with demonstrated ability to work under pressure and manage various priorities and deadlines.  Ability to work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment and to organize multiple and varied projects simultaneously.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent professional work or military experience required.  Minimum of two to four years of professional experience required.  Experience working in the federal environment or consulting preferred.  Familiarity with program evaluation preferred.  We actively recruit for diversity in our workplace, believing that a range of backgrounds, perspectives and experiences contributes to our mission of revitalizing government.
 Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world class online games.  Keep up-to-date with the bleeding edge of audio trends within video game development and evangelize ideas that will innovate both the player experience and the creative development of the product.  Have a cross platform mindset up front and ensure that the art of the game is capable of supporting an experience that can work seamlessly on different systems and form factors.  At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience.  Proven ability to define and manage the sound direction and roadmap for very large scale projects.  Experience creating assets in and shipping a game using Unreal Engine 4 a plus.  You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world!.
 Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world class online games.  Come channel your energy into making an exceptionally fun experience and defining the great studio culture necessary to inspire minds to develop great video games.  Keep up to date with the bleeding edge of technical trends within video game development and evangelize solutions that will innovate both the player experience and the creative development of the product.  Have a cross platform mindset up front and ensure that the codebase can support an experience that can work seamlessly on different platforms and form factors.  At least eight years of professional AAA game development experience.  Proven ability to define and manage the engineering vision and roadmap for very large-scale projects.  Expert knowledge with the C/C++ language.  Experience developing in and extending Unreal Engine 4 a plus.  You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world!.
 Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world-class online games.  Come channel your energy into making an exceptionally fun experience and defining the great studio culture necessary to inspire minds to develop great video games.  Keep up to date with the bleeding edge of animation trends within video game development and evangelize ideas that will innovate both the player experience and the creative development of the product.  Have a cross-platform mindset up-front and ensure that the animation of the game can support an experience that can work seamlessly on different systems and form factors.  At least 8 years of professional AAA game development experience.  Proven ability to define and manage the animation direction and roadmap for large-scale projects.  Experience creating animation in and shipping a game using Unreal Engine 4 a plus.  You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world!.
 Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world-class online games.  Come channel your energy into making an exceptionally fun experience and defining the great studio culture necessary to inspire minds to develop great video games.  Take an active role in the evolution of the game, working with all disciplines to understand the vision and design for the game and using that experience to inform concept work.  Take critical feedback and iterate on your work based on the needs of the experience.  Strong traditional art skills.  Experience with concepting creatures a plus.  You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world!.
 Our client is dedicated to creating a reliable, fun, and professional interactive entertainment experience for users through the creation of world-class online games.  Come channel your energy into making an exceptionally fun experience and defining the great studio culture necessary to inspire minds to develop great video games.  Keep up to date with the bleeding edge of art trends within video game development and evangelize ideas that will innovate both the player experience and the creative development of the product.  Have a cross-platform mindset up-front and ensure that the art of the game can support an experience that can work seamlessly on different systems and form factors.  At least 8 years of professional AAA game development experience.  Proven ability to define and manage the artistic direction and roadmap for large-scale projects.  Experience creating assets in and shipping a game using Unreal Engine 4 a plus.  You will be supported completely to bring next-gen experience live to players around the world!.
 Proven ability to drive deliverables thru life cycles in a structured environment.  Expertise.  7+ years leadership experience in a related large-scale IT solution delivery/implementation including hands-on management and technical expertise within both Agile and Waterfall development lifecycles.  5+ years experience in staffing, directing and developing technical delivery teams.  5+ years of practitioner experience architecting, designing, developing and maintaining complex technical solutions.  Expertise.  7+ years experience managing delivery of large scale EDW (Enterprise Data Warehouse), analytics or business intelligence solutions.  Experiences.
 Must be a U.  All applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level in the Federal Service.  Specialized experience is experience that has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position.  Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:.  Experience with 1) providing innovative leadership and strategic vision in developing, directing, and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning capabilities in support of functional needs; 2) expertise in assessment and alignment of requirements, technologies, and services with current and emerging customer, collaborator, and stakeholder expectations and requirements; 3) expertise in product testing and evaluation, particularly focused on human-system interactions in an automated environment; and 4) understanding of standards and standards development processes.  In addition to the above specialized experience, applicants must also meet the IT-Related proficiency level for all four of the competencies listed below:.  Ability to coordinate AI/ML operations with other organization functions or support activities.  Ability to communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal means.  Ability to interpret and understand complex and rapidly evolving concepts; ability to think critically.  Evidence of the above specialized experience and IT-related proficiency must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held.  Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.  Evidence of the above specialized experience must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held.  Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  Masters, PhD, or other advanced degree is preferred.  GS-15: There is no substitution for specialized experience at this grade level.  Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience (as stated above) equivalent to the GS-14 grade level AND meet the IT-Related proficiency level for all four competencies (as stated above).  All the information you provide will be verified by a review of the work experience and/or education as shown on your application, by checking reference and through other means, such as the interview process.  Any exaggeration of your experience, false statements, or attempts to conceal information may be grounds for not hiring you or for firing you after you begin work.  Download from your USAJOBS account; or.  UNITED STATES CITIZENS MAY APPLY (no prior federal experience is required).
Looking for an experienced Product Manager with building social messaging solutions! This isn't a marketing type of role.  You must have experience with social channels as a product manager - building features for product social channel.  BA/BS required.  Experience in Cloud solutions, with strong background in product management and cloud operations.  4+ years of experience working in a Product Manager capacity working on enterprise software life cycle development.  Experience working with Social Media Channels and Social Media vendors.  Strong bonus if you bring validated experience using or product managing a Social Media monitoring, Social Media engagement or Social customer care cloud platform.  Experience delivering Customer .  Experience or Customer Engagement solutions.  Ability to prioritize issues effectively and meet tight deadlines when required.  Ability to lead a high performing, cross-functional team.  Ability to manage the work and quality of other cross-functional team members.  Ability to resolve conflict within a project team.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Strong Project management skills.  Ability to actively listen and learn.  Ability to multi-task, prioritize and be detail oriented.  Ability to work in a team environment.  Ability to take initiative and be proactive.  Ability to work independently and be resourceful.  Ability to manage multiple projects and coordinate with other Product Managers.  Every year, Genesys짰 delivers more than 70 billion remarkable customer experiences for organizations in over 100 countries.  Through the power of the cloud and AI, our technology connects every customer moment across marketing, sales and service on any channel, while also improving employee experiences.  Experience as a Service??so organizations of any size can provide true personalization at scale, interact with empathy, and foster customer trust and loyalty.
 At IBM Watson Health we are supported by the proven innovation of IBM, the dynamic intelligence of Watson, and our collective expertise in ??and dedication to ??improving health.  Smarter Health means simpler processes, better care, faster breakthroughs, and improved experiences for people around the world.  We are looking for talented individuals who share our focus on corporate responsibility, diversity and inclusion, and our passion for the patient experience.  ***Candidates must have: Five or more years of selling clinical trial software to Sponsors and CROs, with a deep rolodex and proven track record of success.  Achieve full proficiency at demonstrating technology solution(s) to prospects in client meetings and tradeshow settings.  Expertise.  Five or more years of selling clinical trial software to Sponsors and CROs, with a deep rolodex and proven track record of sales success.  Results oriented individual with experience working with business leaders and technology innovators, with a demonstrated ability to forge successful sales and market strategies.  Strong presentation and public speaking skills are essential.  Strong verbal and written communication skills are a must.  Experience working directly with senior executives (VP, SVP and above).  Experience selling advanced technology products/solutions that require a 6-18-month decision cycle, involve multiple stakeholders, and are comparatively large in individual order value.  Four-year degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Expertise.  Five or more years of selling clinical trial software to Sponsors and CROs, with a deep rolodex and proven track record of sales success.  Results oriented individual with experience working with business leaders and technology innovators, with a demonstrated ability to forge successful sales and market strategies.  Strong presentation and public speaking skills are essential.  Strong verbal and written communication skills are a must.  Experience working directly with senior executives (VP, SVP and above).  Experience selling advanced technology products/solutions that require a 6-18-month decision cycle, involve multiple stakeholders, and are comparatively large in individual order value.  Four-year degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Experiences.
 Must have real-world experience crafting Natural Language Processing solutions to realize business benefit.  Ability to articulate sophisticated modelling approaches to business leaders.  Must be comfortable with investing full self to build an NLP shop from scratch.  Must be excited to be part of a fast paced organization, and enjoy the idea of understanding the root driver of our customers (both internal and external), intellectually curious and self-motivated to learn and experiment new techniques and approaches to solve business problems.  4 - 6 years of professional experience in developing and managing end-to-end NLP pipelines.  Ability to articulate sophisticated approaches to business leaders in common vernacular.  Experience leading and managing NLP/advanced modelling projects from end-to-end Proficient in Python/Anaconda and familiar with major NLP/ML/data science packages.  Must have ML/NLP algorithm implementation experience as well as the ability to create/modify standard algorithms (e.  Experience in one or more of the following areas: entity/relation extraction, information extraction, summarization, semantics, document classification, ontology, question answering, and knowledge graph.  Experience on modern deep learning approaches to NLP: word/paragraph embedding's, structured prediction, sentiment analysis, disambiguation .  Ability to consistently deliver results across shifting priorities and deadlines in fast paced environment.  Ability to work with a sense of urgency in order to meet critical deadlines.  Strong communication skills, both verbal and written .  Ability to proactively engage in a teamwork culture.
 Expertise in creating rational strategies for irrational human behavior to anticipate and respond to irrational human actions.  Masters degree or higher (with a minimum of 8 years experience) in the fields of education, human machine interfaces or social robotics.
 Principal Data Scientist is an experienced and expert Data Scientist, able to provide industry thought-leadership on Analytics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and its application across a variety of industries.  Be expert Data Scientists with a strong theoretical grounding in statistics, advanced analytics and machine learning and real-world experience in the application of advanced analytics;.  Have strong hands-on programming skills in at least one major analytic programming language and/or tool;.  Have excellent interpersonal, consulting and communication skills and a proven ability to persuade and influence;.  Have a background in analytic consulting and relevant technology pre-sales experience;.  PhD/MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Finance, or related field.  5+ years relevant experience in predictive modeling and analysis.  5+ years of experience with machine learning, data mining, and analytics techniques.  5+ years of experience in ProgR, Python, Weka, SAS, Matlab or other statistical/machine learning software.  Strong communication, analytical and collaborative problem-solving skills.  Strong experience and expertise in financial services sector.  Experience with one or more of these or similar technologies: Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Speech Recognition and Statistical Optimization methods.  Ability to travel to client sites as required.  5+ years of experience with software development, continuous development/integration, etc.  Experience with AWS, Azure, Google Cloud or Oracle Cloud services (e.  Experience with NoSQL, parallel or distributed programming (e.  Experience with Graphical Processing Units (GPUs) and CUDA programming.  Experience in business development and sales.
 Provides direction, goals, schedules, and coaching to an experienced team of Functional Engineering Leads assigned to the Core Team.  Ability to lead cross functionally with a wide variety of disciplines and geographies.  Your experience includes:.  Excellent track record of technical leadership on a fast paced Product Development Core Teams.  Bachelor's Degree (BSCS) and 15+ years experience, .  Masters Degree (BSCS) and 12+ years experience, or PhD and 10+ years of experience or equivalent combined education and experience.  Wellness programs, gaming rooms and the on-site fitness center help round out and balance your Seagate work-life experience, along with opportunities to give back to our local community.  Our 1,500+ employees enjoy an active on-site experience from sporting activities (get in a few laps at lunch on our 1-mile walking path around campus, play ping-pong or volleyball, or stop in our 24- hour fitness center for a group or individual workout) to community service and many employee resource groups including Pride!, Womens Leadership Network and a Young Professionals Network.
 Ability to assess QBO clients' books and confirm list of services (included and additional).  BA in Accounting and/or 7-10 years experience in client success, accounting technical support, staff accounting, project management or consultative roles (technical or finance).  Strong understanding of QuickBooks Online.  Proven delivery of outcomes in client or project-based environments in either a consultative or project management capacity.
 PhD or other terminal degree with experience level appropriate for appointment at the rank of Professor or Research Professor.  Excellent communication skills across diverse audiences and settings.  Ability to work in a fast-paced and innovative setting.  Candidate must have experience working independently and as a member of a team.  Please submit a cover letter of interest highlighting teaching accomplishment and relevant professional experience, a curriculum vitae, and the names and contact information of at least three references.
We are currently seeking a Business Development Manager, ideally located in Sacramento CA, who has experience of selling technology related services and solutions to State and Local Government agencies throughout CA, to join our Client Services Group.  15+ years of business development experience, which must include selling technology related services and solutions to State and Local Government agencies located in CA.  Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills.  Will also consider three years of progressive, relevant work experience in lieu of every year of education, Candidate's that have completed a Master's degree program strongly preferred.  Experience selling technology related services and solutions to State and Local Government agencies, such as Health & Human Services (HHS) and the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV).  Previous experience in a Technology Lead, Project Manager, Architect or similar technical position.  Masters degree, or foreign equivalent, from an accredited institution.  Our technology solutions, combined with proven best-practices and execution excellence enable our clients to renew themselves and build new capabilities to improve mission outcomes.
 Ability to assess QBO clients' books and confirm list of services (included and additional).  BA in Accounting and/or 7-10 years experience in client success, accounting technical support, staff accounting, project management or consultative roles (technical or finance).  Strong understanding of QuickBooks Online.  Proven delivery of outcomes in client or project-based environments in either a consultative or project management capacity.
 Assist in designing, developing, shipping, and maintaining mobile experiences across platforms.  5+ years of software engineering experience and 2+ years of management experience.  A highly technical, hands-on developer and an effective people manager with experience directly leading teams.  Experience in designing, developing, and maintaining web applications, distributed backend systems or data platforms.  Proven track record of agile management with multiple engineering teams and products.  Excellent communication skills, utilized to collaborate both within Engineering and across all functions of the company to drive engineering initiatives.  Excellent mentoring and review skills to help engineers make technical and career progress.  BA/BS in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience, MS/PhD preferred.
 Candidates will be experienced in the application of sophisticated analytics and AI machine learning techniques to address sales, marketing, payer, and provider questions using real-world data sources such as anonymized longitudinal patient claims data, EHR, lab and diagnosis data, etc.  Masters degree in Statistics, Math, Advanced Analytics, Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline; PhD degree preferred.  10+ years of relevant post-collegiate work; 8+ years of work experience with PhD degree.  5+ years of experience implementing big data/advanced analytics concepts and algorithms (e.  Expertise in AI Machine Learning techniques, and a strong understanding of biopharma and healthcare data sets, including big- (patient claims) data.  Hand-on experience coding in Python/R/SAS.  Hands-on experience building AI Machine Learning models to address a range of commercial questions using H2O, SageMaker, MLFlow or comparable DS framework in the AWS/Azure Cloud.  Previous experience or familiarity with Hadoop and database systems.  Agile project planning and project management experience.  Team management and skill development experience.  Excellent oral and written communication skills; comfort presenting complex ideas in simple terms to clients and prospects.  Strong attention to detail, with a business-focused mindset.  Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Analytics software solution development experience, preferred.
 BA/BS degree in Computer Science or closely related field or equivalent practical experience.  2 years of technical leadership and people management experience.  Experience in software engineering, including experience with web development or mobile client software.  Experience working with open source tools and frameworks around web application development such as Angular and React.  Experience collaborating with engineering leaders, product managers, and designers.  People management skills, proven track record of mentoring and coaching team members.  This team owns the chrome to Lookers web experience.  The mobile teams mission is to enable navigation and consumption experiences on popular mobile platforms.  Looker is a unified platform that powers data experiences and delivers actionable business insights to employees at the point of decision.
 In short, our collective set of solutions make connected car, vehicle, and accident data actionable, informing decision-making, enhancing productivity, and helping customers deliver faster and better experiences for end consumers.  Masters degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or any Engineering field plus two years of experience in the job offered or in software automation testing required.  Skills Required: Software test automation, software quality assurance testing, JavaScript, OOPL, Agile, SQL, C#, Java, Python, Jenkins, Web Services, Data Science, Artificial-intelligence/machine-learning, data engineering.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or any Engineering field plus five years of progressive experience in the job offered or in software automation testing also acceptable.
 Masters degree in a business related degree or equivalent experience desired.  5+ years experience in a business development or operational role.  Strong problem solving and analytical skills.  Proven ability to make recommendations and provide guidance effectively to bring projects to completion is a must.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.  Experience with Windows-based office tools such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint is required.  Experience with Workbench.  Project and technical leadership experience.  Experience supporting Capture and Proposal development efforts.  Knowledge of the Business Acquisition Process (BAP).  Knowledge of Northrop Grumman programs and capabilities.  MS degree in business related degree or equivalent experience desired.  Experience with Sales Force, SharePoint (document repository) and HTML is a plus.  External customer engagement experience.
 This position offers a unique experience to learn from experienced leaders in the industry, join a team building the 21st century model for security and helping grow the good by protecting our customers and communities.  machine learning, deep learning, artificial intelligence) to deliver better predictions and/or intelligent automation that enables smarter business decisions, improved customer experience, and drives productivity.  Typically 9+ years of relevant experience and/or certification in related field of study or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  preferred) in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, or other quantitative disciplines and/or equivalent experience.  Experience with distributed computing language (e.  Experience with programming languages (e.  Expert.  Expert.  Expert.  Expert.  Expert.  From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, well help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.
 The Algorithmic Warfare team at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is looking for you to join our team as a Sr.  Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline with 9 years of technical experience; Master's Degree with 7 years of technical experience; PhD with 0 years experience.  Must be a U.  Experience in any of the following areas is highly desired: data analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, signal processing, statistical decision theory, detection and tracking, classification, modeling and simulation, and algorithm development, particularly as applied to complex sensor systems.  Experience with remote sensing data, such as radar, EO/IR, multi or hyper-spectral, acoustics.  Familiarity with signal processing algorithm design and implementation in C or C++, and real-time parallel processing.
 NICE inContacts digital marketing team is looking for an experienced Digital Marketing Manager to craft and execute best-of-breed, paid digital marketing campaigns designed to acquire net new qualified leads through top of funnel channels, including Google Paid Search, Display Network [GDN], retargeting, and paid social.  Creative, Web Production, Product Marketing, Marketing Operations, and Corporate) to manage paid digital experiences from inception through execution to launch innovative campaigns on time and on budget.  Drive and coordinate cross-functional teams of stakeholders, writers, designers, web developers to create and maintain digital experiences.  Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Communications, Advertising, Public Relations, or related field (or equivalent work experience) is required.  4-6 years experience in developing and managing paid digital campaigns, ideally for a B2B technology company.  Hands-on experience with Google Suites (AdWords, Analytics, Search Console, Tag Manager) and testing tools.  Familiarity with Marketo and Salesforce a plus.  Strong background in SEO, analytics and conversion rate optimization required.  Must be a self-starter, highly motivated, able to turn on a dime, think through problems and come up with innovative solutions, and deliver against very tight deadlines.  Expert program and project management skills, and attention to detail.  Excellent written and oral communication skills with an ability to problem solve, lead, influence, create visibility, and motivate others.  Strong interpersonal and team player skills with an ability to communicate at all levels of an organization both internally and externally.  In-depth experience with Google Analytics or similar web analytics platform.  Experience with business intelligence reporting tools (DOMO) and/or A/B testing tools is preferred.  Experience using various MS Office products.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 Maintains development, test and production RDBMS environments.  Experience interpreting data models and developing database structures; using standard diagramming techniques to design and develop computer data models; and implementing and troubleshooting programming changes and modifications.  Knowledge of security requirements for databases, developing, documenting, and implementing backup and recovery procedures.  Experience configuring, managing and maintaining the operation of complex relational databases.  Familiarity with UNIX and Windows operating systems.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent related experience.  Experience in Design & Implementation; Statistical methods; Access time, device, allocation; Monitor standard procedures; System integration.  4 -9 years of experience.  Experience:.  Solid understanding of T-SQL,Stored Procedures and SQL design principles (MS-SQL 2012/2016) is a plus.
 Maintains development, test and production RDBMS environments.  Experience interpreting data models and developing database structures; using standard diagramming techniques to design and develop computer data models; and implementing and troubleshooting programming changes and modifications.  Knowledge of security requirements for databases, developing, documenting, and implementing backup and recovery procedures.  Experience configuring, managing and maintaining the operation of complex relational databases.  Familiarity with UNIX and Windows operating systems.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent related experience.  Experience in Design & Implementation; Statistical methods; Access time, device, allocation; Monitor standard procedures; System integration.  4 - 9 years experience.  Experience:.  Solid understanding of T-SQL,Stored Procedures and SQL design principles (MS-SQL 2012/2016) is a plus.
 Bachelors Degree in Information Systems, Information Assurance Management, Computer Science, or related field.  (May be substituted for relevant work experience).  10 - 15 years experience.  Experience:.  Ability to manage the Plan of Actions & Milestones (POA&M) documents associated with Information Systems.  Excellent writing, verbal communication, and time-management skills.  Must possess or be able to obtain a Secret Security Clearance.
 8-10 years of experience.  Must have experience being hands-on and also managing an onshore and offshore teamManual and some automation experienceAPI and reporting experience is a plusWork distribution is going to be 20% automation work and 80% manual testing work(if required).  Must have UI testing experience.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or closely related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience leading software engineering teams (mentoring junior engineers, setting technical direction, etc.  Large systems software design and development experience, including experience in Unix/Linux.  Hands-on programming experience in one of the following: Java, C++ or Python.  10 years of relevant work experience, including 6 years of industry experience.  Experience with problem-solving and technical innovation.  Ability to manage a team of engineers including task planning and design reviews.  Excellent communication skills.  People management skills, experience in mentoring and coaching team members.
 Required Skills and .  Experience:.  BS/BA in engineering, computer science, business administration, management or a related discipline or equivalent experience.  Must have at least (7) seven years of program management related experience ??preferably in the defense industry.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to travel to support technical presentations, testing, and integration.  Must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the DOD Secret level.  Preferred Skills (Not Required):.  BS/BA or a more advanced degree in engineering, computer science, business administration, management or a related discipline or equivalent experience.  Has at least (10) ten years of program management related experience ??preferably in defense industry.  Experience supporting development projects for defense technology platforms.  Ability to obtain and maintain a Security Clearance (Security clearances require U.
PhD in Computer Science, or related fieldMore than 10 years of industrial/academic experience in search, data science, machine learning or a related field.  Strong publication record at top academic conferences such as SIGIR, WWW, WSDM, KDD, ACL, ICML, AAAI, etc.  Excellent written and verbal communication skillsFamiliar with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, or Python.  The Alexa Shopping team is looking for experienced senior applied scientists investigating and developing new natural language, search and recommender systems technologies to help Alexa turn into the best personal shopping assistant.  PhD in Computer Science, or related fieldMore than 10 years of industrial/academic experience in search, data science, machine learning or a related field.  Strong publication record at top academic conferences such as SIGIR, WWW, WSDM, KDD, ACL, EMNLP, ICML, AAAI, etc.  Excellent written and verbal communication skillsFamiliar with programming languages such as C/C++, Java, or Python.  More than 15 years of industrial/academic experience in building NLP, search, applied ML or AI features/products/systemsServed as PC chair at top academic conferences.  More than 10 years of industrial/academic experience in building search, applied ML or AI features/products/systemsServes in senior roles at top academic conferences.
 Passion for helping startups growEntrepreneurial builder mentality3-10 years of technology related sales or business development experience.  Excellent verbal and written communication skillsBA/BS degree requiredComfortable delivering results amid ambiguity and change.  MBA/MA/MS degreePrevious cloud expertise at a technology companyA technical background in engineering or computer scienceHistory of working for, or selling to tech startups.
 + You have specific experience building and supporting data focused platforms and services as is experience with cloud services.  We would love to hear about your experience in building Proofs of Concept and prototypes, especially those that were scaled to production.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering or related fields.  Excellent communication and presentation skills.  Experience with Business Intelligence and Data Management solutions is highly desirable.  Minimum 3+ years of experience in technical leadership position.
 Bachelors degree in marketing, computer science, computer engineering, statistics, data analytics or related field.  4+ combined years of experience in digital marketing, data science, data analytics, sales operations and software development.  2+ years of experience as member of a Scrum team, 1+ year as product owner.  Ability to analyze situations, apply independent judgment, discretion and initiative to address problems and develop practical, thorough and creative solutions.  Self-starter with experience working within, influencing within, and networking within the political climate of a large matrixed organization.  Exposure to multiple, diverse technologies and processing environments.  Experience with enterprise-level digital marketing solutions.
 Bachelors Degree in Business Information Systems, Marketing, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  15 + years sales experience.  Previous experience selling multimillion-dollar software deals.  Previous experience in telecom, call center, software or hardware industries.  Experience:.  Sales Engineering experience.  Telecomm sales experience.  SaaS experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 BA/BS in Computer Science and 5+ years experience.  Proven track record of technical program management in top talent and high performance teams, directing initiatives across multiple teams and managers.  Experience managing initiatives within large scale systems in rapid growth environments.  Familiarity with containerization, microservices architecture, continuous integration and delivery.  Proven success in working with product, marketing, business, and operations divisions.
 10+ years of compensation and benefits experience.  Experience building and running compensation programs globally, including scaling a start up compensation structure globally.  Expertise in using Radford data and other data sources for best-in-class benchmarking.  Ability to consult and influence C-level Executives and Board Members.  Strong business acumen, financially astute, and detail oriented.  Experience across multiple companies of various sizes and stages, both private and public.  To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 We're looking for someone who has a proven track record of providing highly-professional customer service to executives and managers at Fortune 1,000 companies, and can excel in a fast-paced startup environment.  Empathize with every aspect of the customer experience, putting customers' needs first.  5+ years of experience in a customer-facing customer success, account management or strategic consulting organization.  Software or education experience a benefit.  Strong interpersonal skills and experience building internal and external relationships.  To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 Candidates will be experienced in the application of sophisticated analytics and AI machine learning techniques to address sales, marketing, payer, and provider questions using real-world data sources such as anonymized longitudinal patient claims data, EHR, lab and diagnosis data, etc.  Masters degree in Statistics, Math, Advanced Analytics, Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline; PhD degree preferred.  10+ years of relevant post-collegiate work; 8+ years of work experience with PhD degree.  5+ years of experience implementing big data/advanced analytics concepts and algorithms (e.  Expertise in AI Machine Learning techniques, and a strong understanding of biopharma and healthcare data sets, including big- (patient claims) data.  Hand-on experience coding in Python/R/SAS.  Hands-on experience building AI Machine Learning models to address a range of commercial questions using H2O, SageMaker, MLFlow or comparable DS framework in the AWS/Azure Cloud.  Previous experience or familiarity with Hadoop and database systems.  Agile project planning and project management experience.  Team management and skill development experience.  Excellent oral and written communication skills; comfort presenting complex ideas in simple terms to clients and prospects.  Strong attention to detail, with a business-focused mindset.  Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills.  Analytics software solution development experience, preferred.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Typically requires 5 - 10 years of experience in memory design ( NAND, NOR, SRAM, DRAM, CAM etc) preferably non-volatile memory design (NAND FLASH, NOR FLASH).  Familiarity with Cadence design environment.  Requires experience with transistor level simulators such as Spice and gate level simulators such as Verilog.  Requires experience with some of these circuits: charge pumps, regulators, hv-switches, voltage & current references, col/row decoders, sense amps, op-amps, comparators, oscillators, switched capacitor circuits, A/D & D/A converters, transceivers & IOs.  MS in EE and/ or 5-10 years of design experience.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-GC1 || Tier 5 ||.
 Deliver agile strategies, recommendations and solutions that will overall improve our clients HR employee experience and HR outcomes.  Specifically, within our DEO offering, our HR Transformation Consultants, along with improving the employee experience, will drive to adjust and manage our clients efforts to move transactional back-office to the front office.  Additionally, engage our clients in rethinking their process and HR administration operations to drive the best experience at an optimal cost.  Minimum 4 years of external consulting experience or other relevant experience related to successful delivery of HR Transformation.  Minimum 3 years of experience in one or more of the following HCM platforms: ServiceNow, Workday, Success Factors, Oracle, PeopleSoft, and SAP.  Ability to independently understand and transition into Capgeminis methodologies and approaches.  Ability to build, develop and implement and engage in new service delivery approaches; possibly different from the status quo.  Experienced with creating thoughtful presentations in clear action driven and outcome-oriented ways.  Ability to meet travel requirements where needed.  Expert Role during transformation projects for internal and external clients.  Should be experienced in People skills (Task Manager), Stakeholder Management and Benchmarking & Best Practices Assessment.  Organization BSv.
 Bachelors Degree required; MBA, MS in Engineering, MS in Supply Chain Management or preferred.  Proven experience in the Hardware, Software, and Infrastructure procurement category.  Strong knowledge in sourcing and/or category management roles that drive current procurement practices and next generation methodologies.  Ability to apply knowledge and experience with relevant global suppliers and deal structures within negotiation process for favorable business outcome.  Strong experience applying financial acumen to identify strategic cost-savings, manage efficiencies, and implement change.  Ability and willingness to travel occasionally.
 Deliver agile strategies, recommendations and solutions that will overall improve our clients HR employee experience and HR outcomes.  Specifically, within our DEO offering, our HR Transformation Consultants, along with improving the employee experience, will drive to adjust and manage our clients efforts to move transactional back-office to the front office.  Additionally, engage our clients in rethinking their process and HR administration operations to drive the best experience at an optimal cost.  Minimum 10 years of external consulting experience or other relevant experience related to successful delivery of HR Transformation.  Minimum 3 years of experience in one or more of the following HCM platforms: ServiceNow, Workday, Success Factors, Oracle, PeopleSoft, and SAP.  Ability to independently understand and transition into Capgeminis methodologies and approaches.  Ability to build, develop and implement and engage in new service delivery approaches; possibly different from the status quo.  Experienced with creating thoughtful presentations in clear action driven and outcome-oriented ways.  Ability to meet travel requirements where needed.  Expert Role during transformation projects for internal and external clients.  Should be experienced in People skills (Task Manager), Stakeholder Management and Benchmarking & Best Practices Assessment.  Organization BSv.
 We're currently searching for an experienced program manager to join our ranks and continue our tradition of success.  The ideal candidate will have a sharp business mind and a proven ability to strategize and implement high-level program initiatives.  Skills and Qualifications.  Bachelor's degree in business administration or related field.  Proven proposal writing experience.  Experience in creating frameworks for industrialization in project execution and operations.
 Experience:.  Masters or higher preferred.  5 years of total experience in data science management/risk modeling.  2+ years of hands-on risk modeling experience required.  1-2 years of leadership experience.  Required Skills:.  Strong creative problem solving and communication skills.  Strong understanding of statistics, econometrics and machine learning concepts.  Experience with statistical techniques such as OLS and logistic regression.  Experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms.  Experience developing models in Python, ProgR, or SAS.  Experience with Microsoft Azure ML platform is a plus.
ALL INTERESTED APPLICANTS MUST APPLY THROUGH USAJOBS:https://www.  Must be a U. Qualifications:All applicants must have 52 weeks of specialized experience equivalent to at least the next lower grade level in the Federal Service.  Specialized experience is experience that has equipped the candidate with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position. Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:.  Experience with 1) providing innovative leadership and strategic vision in developing, directing, and implementing artificial intelligence/machine learning capabilities in support of functional needs; 2) expertise in assessment and alignment of requirements, technologies, and services with current and emerging customer, collaborator, and stakeholder expectations and requirements; 3) expertise in product testing and evaluation, particularly focused on human-system interactions in an automated environment; and 4) understanding of standards and standards development processes. In addition to the above specialized experience, applicants must also meet the IT-Related proficiency level for all four of the competencies listed below:Attention to Detail: Is thorough when performing work and conscientious about attending to detail.  Ability to coordinate AI/ML operations with other organization functions or support activities.  Ability to communicate complex information, concepts, or ideas in a confident and well-organized manner through verbal means.  Ability to interpret and understand complex and rapidly evolving concepts; ability to think critically.  Evidence of the above specialized experience and IT-related proficiency must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held.  Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.  Evidence of the above specialized experience must be supported by detailed documentation of duties performed in positions held.  Therefore, we encourage you to be clear and specific when describing your experience.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge, and skills and can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  Masters, PhD, or other advanced degree is preferred. GS-15: There is no substitution for specialized experience at this grade level.  Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience (as stated above) equivalent to the GS-14 grade level AND meet the IT-Related proficiency level for all four competencies (as stated above). ALL INTERESTED APPLICANTS MUST APPLY THROUGH USAJOBS:https://www.
 Bachelors, four (4) years with a Master's degree in a business related degree or equivalent experience desired.  5+ years' experience in a business development or operational role.  Strong problem solving and analytical skills.  Proven ability to make recommendations and provide guidance effectively to bring projects to completion is a must.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.  Experience with Windows-based office tools such as Word, Excel, and PowerPoint is required.  Experience with Workbench.  Project and technical leadership experience.  Experience supporting Capture and Proposal development efforts.  Knowledge of the Business Acquisition Process (BAP).  Knowledge of Northrop Grumman programs and capabilities.  MS degree in business related degree or equivalent experience desired.  Experience with Sales Force, SharePoint (document repository) and HTML is a plus.  External customer engagement experience.
 The Algorithmic Warfare team at Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS) is looking for you to join our team as a Sr.  Bachelor's Degree in Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or related technical discipline with 9 years of technical experience; Master's Degree with 7 years of technical experience; PhD with 0 years experience.  Must be a U.  Experience in any of the following areas is highly desired: data analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, signal processing, statistical decision theory, detection and tracking, classification, modeling and simulation, and algorithm development, particularly as applied to complex sensor systems.  Experience with remote sensing data, such as radar, EO/IR, multi or hyper-spectral, acoustics.  Familiarity with signal processing algorithm design and implementation in C or C++, and real-time parallel processing.
 Our Shell Power business is now combining our experience, partnerships and technical know-how to enable new ways to continue powering progress towards a more sustainable energy future.  This experienced engineer will grow and optimize this critical technical foundation for Shell Energy Platform, and will work across Shells global power business, suite of portfolio companies, and enterprise Centers of Excellence to deliver outsized value.  At least 10 years of experience that informs machine learning engineering capabilities in complex energy software solutions with a globally distributed user base. ) or equivalent experience in relevant field.  Experience in energy management domain is a plus, with comfort in energy asset optimization, asset control and data flow loops, and wholesale electricity market applications.
Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalent. 5+ years of experience building natural language processing systems5+ years of experience with underlying ML techniques and algorithms development5+ years of experience in data analysis, statistical metrics and measurements for search engines.  PhD in Computer Science8+ years of experience with state-of-the-art machine learning and statistical modeling techniques8+ years of experience leading large-scale projects.  Experience in working web-scale systems; high-performance, highly-available and scalable distributed systems, particularly search engines2+ years of hands-on experience as a senior-level scientist.  Ability to work well with people, helping to achieve stretch goals in a highly innovative and fast paced environment.  Excellent communication, design and analytical skills.
 Masters.  Experience Requirement.  4-5+ years working in a key software development lifecycle role4+ years Technical Program or Product Management experience using formal techniques and principles.  Experience communicating and negotiating with Director and above personnel.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Preference for those with SaaS technical program management experience.  Preference for those with international experience.  Preference for those with partner/VAR/OEM/reseller experience.  Experience Preferred:.  Experience working with Enterprise software requirements and Cloud/SaaS architecture.  Experience with multiple Agile methodologies.  Experience leading globally dispersed teams.  Experience with hardware and software reliability programs.  Experience with engineering, software development, and operational methodologies.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 Bachelors degree in a field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Business or similar, with at least 10 years professional experience.  Proven ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously and driving projects to completion.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams.  Experience managing teams of 10 or more peopleA self-starter who loves using data to drive large scale improvementsGreat written and verbal communication skills ??can provide information to technical and non-technical stakeholders alike.  Foster culture of continuous product and analytics improvement through mentoring, feedback, and metricsDeliver vision for a suite of productsOwn and champion operational excellence through establishment of group-wide metrics for measurement with a consistent, regular process for assessment and improvementInterface with a diverse customer base to understand requirements, priorities, and processesSet clear, measurable quality goals for an organization in a data-driven wayHave the obsession to drive a better customer experience through everything that we do here at AmazonBring innovative ideas to the table every day, in order to find better ways of accomplishing our customer objectivesRaise the bar on functionality, flow, consistency, usability, and simplicity continually; guard the world-class supply chain experience at AmazonMentor and promote your team members.  Experience with analytics and large data sets.  Experience with forecasting.  Experience working with scientists and engineers on machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI).  Experience with AWS technologies.
 Are you an Innovative Service Desk Leader with Big Data Analytics experience, looking to join a passionate team of industry leading individuals focused on creating a new Big Data Analytics Platform?.  CACI is currently looking for an Applications Service Desk Manager (SDM) with Big Data Analytics experience to join our TALOS (Transforming All-Source Analysis with Location-Based Object Services) Program supporting the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) client located in Northern Virginia and Aurora, Colorado!.  Equivalent professional experience will be considered in lieu of degree.  7 plus years of experience overseeing the day-to-day activities of service-desk operations in support of an IT Service Management Operation.  Experience.  Experience providing management, implementing policies and procedures regarding how incidents and request are identified, received, documented, distributed, and completed.  Ability to design, test and deploy Remedy Self Service and remote support tools.  Experience providing data and reports of KPI's and trends to End User Service Director in daily reporting formats.  Exposure to increasing first call resolution, implementing self service capabilities and meeting service desk service level agreements.  Expertise in the Agile Software Development Life cycle.  Familiarity with service desk technologies including IT Service Management (prefer ServiceNow).  Demonstrated experience and proven success implementing changes, processes, and standards to improve an enterprise-wide service desk.  Experience fulfilling the DIA mission in support of the COCOMs.  Experience with Jira.  Experience providing performance-based customer service support against multiple performance metrics in the Federal Government.
 10 years software experience with 2+ years of deploying machine learning models to production is required.  Strong development experience with Python is a must along with ML libraries (numpy, scikit learn, tensorflow).  Some familiarity with Java or Kotlin is also preferred.  Familiarity with Amazon Web Services is a must(experience with Sagemaker is a plus).  Experience with Apache Kafka, Spark and building event-based ML systems.  Experience in SQL, Redshift and database optimization.  Proven ability to thrive in a fast-moving, team-oriented, startup environment.  AWS - EKS, S3, SNS, SQS, KMS, Sagemaker.  Experience with scaling, monitoring and alerting.
 Were looking for exceptional candidates who think digitally and differently, resolve problems in unconventional ways and strive to provide a remarkable experience for our clients.  Deliver all software engineering change across Retail Banking, Cards, Mortgage, Marketing, Analytics, and Operations with acute focus on time to market, quality, customer experience, and system stability.  Expertise:.  Experience at CIO or equivalent level at a large-scale corporate entity, building, deploying, and supporting complex systems and applications across diverse line of business functions, with focus on digital consumer-facing applications, agile methodologies, and automation of manual and backend processesAlign GCT resources to execute NAM book of work in collaboration with US consumer business headsEnd to end execution focused, a hands-on technology enthusiast who thrives in a fast-paced environment, able to traverse across high-level long-term strategic planning and detailed tactical day to day problem resolution and course correction.  Expert at digital, mobile, internet, multi-media, and hardware or consumer electronics product development, combined with seamless integration into traditional sales and service channels (physical, telephony, interactive hardware/software devices)Incredible emotional intelligence and excellence in relationship and reputation management, earning and fostering respect at all levels of the organizationDisruptive change agent adept at introducing entrepreneurial start-up culture at a global corporate enterpriseBe creative and passionate, driven by a desire for innovation and creation of an amazing client experience ??smart risk taking ??outside the box thinking. Intense focus on delivering an industry leading customer and employee experience through technology solutions that anticipate user needs, and surprise and delight through intuitive user interface design and developmentBroad experience driving change and innovation within strict regulatory control environments, with expertise designing and automating safety and soundness principles, with particular emphasis on security, privacy, and data protection controlsDeep knowledge of data science strategies and technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, with emphasis on real-time decisioning, analytics, and robust reporting dashboards to enable real-time cross-channel management insight and action.  Experience consolidating and sun-setting legacy systems and software, and migrating from embedded legacy infrastructure to modernized technologiesEvaluation, selection and governance of strategic global suppliers and partners, with strong negotiation, integration, and migration experience.  Experience with fintech industry or M&A corporate strategy experience integrating start-ups and open source entities with large-scale corporate technology ecosystems.  Experience in transforming the culture and workforce at a global organization, and recruiting and developing an inclusive, diverse, engaged organization, mentoring leaders of leadersUnderstanding of risk environment with banking and financial services to deliver solutions at pace that reduce risk to the bank and our customers.  Strong corporate stewardship philosophy and leadership styleOversee management and delivery against total NAM book of work.  Strong fiscal responsibility acumen ??overseeing global workforce of 7,000+ resources and budget of $1B+Maintain strong relationships with senior business partners, control organizations, other technology functions and external regulators and vendors. Bachelor degree in computer science, information technology, software engineering or a related field; .  Masters degree preferred.  Experience building consumer facing applications and virtual technologies expertise is preferred.  Experience running or creating an agile methodology that is deeply ingrained in the fabric of a large-scale technology function.  Strong talent focus and ability to successfully recruit and develop experts from leading organizations across the globe.  Ability to communicate a compelling vision and inspire others to deliver on an ambitious, complex, global roadmap.  Ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels within an organization, from the most technical engineer to the most savvy business / executive leader.  Familiarity with the major line of business activities within Citi Global Consumer Bank.
 5-8+ years of experience in deploying and leading projects with leading RPA Software Platforms in a consulting environment.  Hands-On implementation experience with UiPath, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism or other RPA software.  Experience with AWS / Microsoft Azure Cloud.  Software development / programming experience, including agile software development experience.  Extensive experience in process optimization activities, including process review/assessment, opportunity identification, process design, implementation and business case / ROI development.  Knowledge of Lean Six Sigma process methodologies.  Strong understanding of nuanced challenges faced during process automation modeling/development.  Excellent client relationship skills and business development.  Project and Program Management experience with PMP/ Agile Certifications.
 Veeva Systems, a leader in cloud-based solutions for the global life sciences industry, is looking for an experienced proposal manager to join our Proposal Management team.  As a proposal manager, you will support Veevas sales organization in the RFP/RFI process by preparing well written, accurate and cohesive proposals in response to the clients needs, highlighting Veevas experience and advantages and benefits over the competition.  Create winning proposals for complex solutions (SaaS and implementation services) that address the clients needs while highlighting Veevas experience and advantages over the competition.  Assure on-going familiarity with Veevas response templates and processes for the timely and effective completion of RFI/RFPs and proposals.  Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Communications, English, Marketing, or related field, or equivalent work experience as a proposal manager.  4+ years experience managing complex proposals in a fast-paced, B2B environment ??life sciences and/or SaaS technology strongly preferred.  Excellent communicator (written and oral), able to translate complicated ideas into language easily understood by others.  Ability and willingness to work across time zones and geographies, as needed.  Ability to work irregular and/or extended hours, as needed, to meet the clients proposal deadline.  Strong proficiency in Microsoft Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), including use of Styles in Word.  Experience in CRM, content and data management, master data management or artificial intelligence in the life sciences industry.  Experience with salesforce.  Experience with proposal management tools/applications/portals (e.
 1-3 years hands-on experience managing paid advertising on search and social platforms.  Experience working at a B2B SaaS company and a first-hand understanding of the B2B Sales funnel.  Familiarity with Marketing Automation Platforms (MAPs) such as Marketo, SFMC/Pardot or Hubspot and CRM systems such as Salesforce.
 Leveraging digital technologies such as automation, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, analytics and cloud, in combination with a fundamental redesign of the scientific user experience, Accenture Scientific Informatics Services helps organizations better capture, manage, integrate and analyze complex scientific data.  Overall accountability for the resources and activities within medium to large size LIMS implementation project.  4 Year degree in an applicable field.  2 Years of experience leading small to medium size Laboratory Informatics projects.  2 Years of experience working in regulated environments.  2 Years of experience implementing enterprise laboratory information management systems (LIMS, ELN).  2 years of experience implementing technology under a defined corporate and compliant methodology.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Excellent organizational skills.  3 Years of consulting experience.  Expert understanding of computer and application architecture, technology, and validation.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Advanced degree in a related field.  Expert negotiation skills.
 Are you a Telcom and/or Media industry expert who has deep knowledge and a point of view in transforming the customer experience in the Telcom and/or Media industries? Do you have experience in enterprise software in the industry? Are you a compelling communicator and passionate about driving growth in the Telcom and Media industries? Are you a experienced business professional with the ability to think and act strategically?.  We are looking for a proven track record in the following three key attributes:.  Experience: We are seeking an industry expert on 360 degree customer engagement and employee experience with direct experience in or selling to the Telcom and/or Media industries.  Experience in Telcom/Media, B2B sales, B2C sales, retail, call center service, field service and artificial intelligence (AI) driven customer and employee experience design preferred.  Proven ability to introduce and develop strategic solutions in Telcom and Media companies.  Proven ability growing a global Telcom and Media industry segment with successful experience leading a team to develop, own and drive a Telcom and Media solution set that differentiates Salesforce to continue to be a leader in the industry category.  Proven ability to develop short and long term plans to achieve solution revenue targets, engaging with large direct and matrixed Sales, Pre-Sales, Corporate Marketing, Architects, and other cross-functional teams as needed.  10+ years of experience working in the Telcom and/or Media industry, with knowledge/experience in the customer experience and customer-facing channels.  Knowledge of the typical use cases and patterns in a Telcom and Media environment.  Experience crafting compelling positioning and thought leadership content.  Strong communication and writing skills.  Bachelor's degree.  MBA or related Master's degree a big plus.  Ability to travel up to 50% of the time.  Exceptional team player with proven ability to lead through influence.  Proven track record in performing well in a fast paced environment, and ability to work across business lines.
 Bachelor's degree in Marketing or 5-7 years of related digital marketing experience.  Extensive experience with Eloqua, Marketo, HubSpot, or other marketing automation platforms (we currently use Eloqua).  Strong analytical mindset and experience tracking and reporting on KPIs to multiple stakeholders.  Hands-on digital advertising experience (AdWords, display, social, and sponsored content placements, etc.  Enterprise B2B technology experience strongly preferred.  Healthcare experience a plus.  Our success is driven by a team of experienced, passionate, and fun business professionals working to solve some of the most complex problems in healthcare.
 Bachelors Degree required; MBA, MS in Engineering, MS in Supply Chain Management or preferred.  Proven experience in the Hardware, Software, and Infrastructure procurement category.  Strong knowledge in sourcing and/or category management roles that drive current procurement practices and next generation methodologies.  Ability to apply knowledge and experience with relevant global suppliers and deal structures within negotiation process for favorable business outcome.  Strong experience applying financial acumen to identify strategic cost-savings, manage efficiencies, and implement change.  Ability and willingness to travel occasionally.
 Advanced degree in science or PE or equivalent experience required.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:.  Proven leadership and management capability overseeing an area of technical complexity.  Proven people management experience.  Experience in performing and/or managing research activities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Experience with data science and/or artificial intelligence.  Established leadership skills including leading a cross-functional group.  Demonstrated people and project management experience.  Ability to work in a collaborative environment with diverse personnel and ability to resolve conflicts.  Excellent communication skills for all levels.
 5+ years of experience managing a team of 5 or more people.  10+ years of experience development embedded systems including experience as a software or system solutions architect.  Hands-on experience with system development and hardware product integration.  Experience delivering major products to mass production.  Experience with microcontrollers and software design from scratch of a complete software product.  Hands-on experience with general Software Quality Assurance methodologies and Safety Critical embedded firmware (ISO26262 or other like IEC 61508, DO-178C).  Experience in Software Development Lifecycle (e.  Experience using bug tracking systems (e.  Experience with code coverage and static analysis tools.  Experience with multi-site organizations.  Experience with automotive networks such as CAN and Ethernet.  Knowledge of existing ADAS technologies such as adaptive cruise control, automatic emergency braking, and lane keeping.  Redefining the user experience, NIO provides users with comprehensive, convenient and innovative charging solutions and other user-centric services.
 First-hand experience of reporting to the c-suite stakeholders is a must.  7+ years experience of shipping production software.  7+ years Program Management or related work experience.  Experience with agile software development methodologies but flexible to adapt to what makes sense for Synopsys SIG.  Strong communicator and, most importantly, listener with both technical and non-technical colleagues.  Experience in Security and software security (application security) a plus.  A bachelor or masters degree, or equivalent in real-world experience.
 With programs including TekBots, the online Post-Baccalaureate degree in CS, and the Center for Applied Software Solutions (CASS), EECS engages students at all levels for real-world experiences and opportunities.  Masters Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field.  Bachelors Degree in the same fields with 8+ years experience in those industries).  Experience teaching, mentoring and facilitating learners, inside or outside a classroom setting.  Excellent written and verbal English skills.  Strong interpersonal communication skills.  Working Conditions / Work Schedule This position requires a clear and unambiguous commitment to compliance of all National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) regulations for Division I (FBS) universities.  2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position.  Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience.
Requirements of the Chief Information Officer (CIO): Previously directed IT software architecture, development, and operations teams supporting billing, HR, finance, NOC, call center, Business Support Systems (BSS), technician field operations, provisioning, service activation, outside plant, and other Operations Support Systems (OSS) applications.  Experience leading a team ~100 or greater.
 Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related field).  5+ years of product management or related experience for platform products.  Ability to weigh competing priorities, manage tradeoffs and evaluate opportunistic new ideas with stakeholders.  Ability to understand complex data models and drive data quality improvements through technology and processes.  Experience managing products at various stages of maturity, from legacy to greenfield.  Ability to thrive and adapt in a fast-paced, high-growth and rapidly changing environment.  Familiarity with CRM and Document Management platforms such as Salesforce, Docusign a plus.
 Strong attention to detail, highly organized with an absolute focus on quality.  1+ years experience with software implementations.  Proven track record of managing multiple, competing priorities while consistently exceeding goals.  Knowledge of XML, SQL, HTML and Java strongly preferred; HL7 experience is a plus.  Proven ability to adapt to different environments, build strong relationships, and influence others positively.  Ability to travel up to 15%, if necessary.  You will be a first point of client contact, directly influencing the way clients experience our product and our team.
 Experience with Various technologies of contact center and working within contact center environment and someone who understand and phas past experience with this.  Experience:project management: 3 years (Required)IVR or Artificial intelligence: 3 years (Required)Application Question:please do share your best number email and time to reach youWork Remotely:Yes.
8+ years related experience in program and business analysis, including process improvement, project management, and budget preparation activities.  Experience with US Army or USMC maneuver warfare is required. Coding experience with AI/ML highly desired.  Experience planning, coordinating, and sequencing software/IT delivery tasks in an Agile software development environment.  Excellent communication skills, a high level of integrity, critical thinking, and leadership courage.  Strong organizational management and problem-solving skills with impeccable multi-tasking abilitiesPowerful analytical and problem solving skills ??including the ability to develop solutions in new and creative ways. Advanced MS Word and PowerPoint skills; proficient Excel and Outlook application skills.  Ability to work independently on projects, from conception to completion.  Experience with navigating the Pentagons processes and the military chain of command is desirable.  Experience with the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) process is also desirable.  Must have a DoD Top Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain an SCI.
 Manager, Data Excellence will drive data excellence & be the data product owner in key business areas of Precision Marketing, Digital & Social Media Analytics, Master data, Syndicated data.  Masters degree in the field of computer science, data and analytics, or related.  Experience and Skills:.  Expertise in technology & industry trends (digital transformation, Artificial Intelligence & Augmented Analytics).  5+ years of experience leading large-scale data-focused initiatives, including data discovery, AI/Machine Learning, data quality management, metadata management, and related disciplines.  Excellent knowledge of Analytics use cases for Precision & Digital marketing, E-commerce analytics, Syndicated data, etc.  Solid experience with Cloud-based technologies, Data Management & Integration tools, programming languages and ML/AI concepts is Required.  Expertise driving adoption to improve product user base & value.  Experience leading strategic partnerships with industry leaders.  Strong business acumen enabling to work collaboratively with business leaders.  Ability to effectively lead multiple Agile products and resources in a fast-paced environment.
 Bank is seeking a Software Engineering Manager for our Digital Banking Platform (mobile and online banking) with design and development experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives.  We are super serious about application performance, complex and engaging UI and integrated experience across multiple applications.  You'll work closely with the engineers on your team as well Product, Design, QA and other partner teams to deliver well-engineered experiences that delight our customers.  Bachelors degree, or equivalent work experience10 or more years of experience with developing and implementing applicationsFour or more years of experience with major tasks, deliverables, formal methodologies and disciplines for delivering new or enhanced applications.  Preferred Skills/.  Experience.  Hands on experience developing native IOS, Android or web applicationsFive or more years of managerial experience.  Experience managing a front end development team.  Strong understanding on mobile design principles, patterns and best practices.  Strong analytical skills and ability to review code.  Proven experience in both small and medium size teams.  Proven ability to architect mobile application and adopt and improve existing architecture.  Strong collaboration skills with peers.  Strong object oriented programming and design skills.  Excellent communication skills written and verbal.  Good proven track record of development sustainable governance processes.  Experience leading in agile development teams.  Experience with HTML/JS / ReactNative is a strong plus.  Experience with Git, Scrum, Kanban.  Agile development experience.  Strong estimation and resource planning skills.  Ability to interact with Business line leaders and develop consensus and obtain buy in Banking experience.
 Synopsys is seeking an experienced Sr.  At least 5 years of experience in a customer-facing professional services, consulting, customer success, or project management role.  Proven ability to lead 5-10-person implementation teams to deliver complex, multi-product solutions.  Process driven and have a strong desire to create, implement, and iterate on processes that lead to a standardized and positive customer experience.  Experience setting and managing customer expectations and negotiating appropriate resolutions to issues.  Experience analyzing complex situations and defining solutions.  Experience leading projects for both SaaS and On-prem solutions.  Experience implementing new initiatives requiring comprehensive change management and communication programs.
Qualifications and Skills: 8+ years of experience in Java technology stack.  Strong technical knowledge in Java/J2EE technologies and understanding of Object-Oriented design concepts 3+ years of hands-on experience in Spring Boot, Spring Security, Spring Cloud, OAuth 2. 0, RDBMS (preferably Oracle), Mocking frameworks, JUnit/TestNG, Messaging Queue, Git.  Exposure to EJB, servlets etc will be a big plus.  Excellent working knowledge of Webservice creation & consumption for REST & SOAP communication protocols.  Strong .  Knowledge of BaaS (Backend as a Service) platforms, understanding of 12 factor rule for SaaS applications.  Basic understanding of data modelling and hands on experience on SQL.  Experience working in CI/CD environment Understanding of SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) and DevOps.  Strong Logical skills and problem-solving ability.  Excellent communication skills is a must.
(GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Strong knowledge of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories.  Strong proficiency with requirements management & system modeling toolsWHAT SETS YOU APART:Exceptional communication skills with the capacity to get buy-in on concepts and ideasCreative thinking with the ability to multi-taskAptitude to quickly grasp and apply new informationEffectively leads teams to the successful completion of major programs and projects.  Ability to interact with project teams, managers and end users.  Experience:systems engineering: 8 years (Required)Cyber, RF, undersea, and interstellar space: 2 years (Required)ystems engineering concepts, principles and theories: 2 years (Required)Agile: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Application Question:1.  Please walk us through your Systems Engineering experience - Understanding and tailoring of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories?2.  Please tell us about your proficiency in system modeling tools.
 Masters Degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics, etc. ) or equivalent experience3+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling, data science and analysisPrevious experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models.  Experience using Python and/or RPast and current experience writing and speaking about complex technical concepts to broad audiences in a simplified format.  Experience giving data presentationsThis position requires that the candidate selected be a U.  If you have experience with AI, including building ML or DL models, wed like to have you join our team. )3+ years of industry experience in predictive modeling and analysisAble to write production level code, which is well-written and explainable.  Experience using ML libraries, such as scikit-learn, caret, mlr, mllib.  Experience working with GPUs to develop models.  Experience handling terabyte size datasets.  Experience diving into data to discover hidden patterns.  Familiarity with using data visualization tools.  Knowledge and experience of writing and tuning SQLSkills with programming languages, such as Java or C/C++.  Ability to develop experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes, use of strong baselines, ability to accurately determine cause and effect relationsConsulting experience and track record of helping customers with their AI needs.  Knowledge of SparkMLPublications or presentation in recognized Machine Learning, Deep Learning and Data Mining journals/conferences.  Experience with AWS technologies like Redshift, S3, EC2, Data Pipeline, & EMRCombination of deep technical skills and business savvy enough to interface with all levels and disciplines within our customers organizationDemonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment.
 With programs including TekBots, the online Post-Baccalaureate degree in CS, and the Center for Applied Software Solutions (CASS), EECS engages students at all levels for real-world experiences and opportunities.  Masters Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or related field.  Experience teaching, mentoring and facilitating learners, inside or outside a classroom setting.  Excellent written and verbal English skills.  Strong interpersonal communication skills.  Working Conditions / Work Schedule This position requires a clear and unambiguous commitment to compliance of all National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) regulations for Division I (FBS) universities.  2) A cover letter indicating how your qualifications and experience have prepared you for this position.  Starting salary within the salary range will be commensurate with skills, education, and experience.
 Cortana's natural user experience will fundamentally change the way we use devices, applications, services and technology in the next wave of computing.  Were looking for the right people to envision and help deliver experiences that bring together the utility of Microsoft Search with intelligent tasks that an Assistant can be trusted to complete.  Our experiences will give users their time back, alleviate the stress of daily lives and bring smiles to faces.  We take seriously our responsibility to build an inclusive user experience; building inclusive teams is fundamental to that.  Its an exciting time to be a part of the Search & Assistant team, pushing the industry with one of Microsofts most unique set of experiences.  You must be experienced in collaborating across teams, cutting through ambiguity and getting product shipped.  The Search and Assistant team will lead innovative projects in Outlook Mobile & Teams Mobile as well as introducing novel new experiences e.  The PM needs to be comfortable working across disciplines with engineers, data scientists, researchers, and UX designers to deliver these experiences in a way that delights users and increases product engagement.  5+ years Program Management experience (required).  Excellent track record for delivering mobile experiences that delight users (preferred).  Tangible experience with NL/AI offerings (preferred).  Excellent communication, collaboration and execution skills (required).
 Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as:-.  Required Skills/.  Experience: -.  A degree in Engineering, Computer Science or a related field with 6-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets.
 We are passionate about lots of things ??artificial intelligence, machine learning, autonomous robotics and a great user experience-and we love sharing those passions with each other.   Process owner for document control processes associated with QMS (Arena) and Operations / Supply Chain related ERP (NetSuite) modules.   Coach, develop and mentor the organization regarding use of QMS and ERP systems.  Experience.   An AA degree augmented with courses and/or seminars in engineering change control, change requests, contract administration, project management, or equivalent combination of education and work experience.  Experience with FDA and ISO 13485 Certification inspections.   5-10+ years of document control experience, in a regulated industry.   Working knowledge of Arena QMS / PLM software system.   UDI product labeling experience and ability to facilitate.  Preferred Skills And Competencies.  Experience leading improvement projects.  Experience in Adobe Acrobat.  Ability to communicate at multiple levels of an organization.  Ability to generate and maintain organized and accurate records.  Ability to manage, organize tasks and judge priorities.  Must be able to interface with a variety of people with different technical levels and educational backgrounds; must be detail-oriented and highly organized; and must be able to produce accurate and timely results while maintaining a customer-service attitude.
 Develop and launch machine learning centric products and services that help our broader business, while being conscientious and cautious of impacts on core user experience.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.  Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner.  BA/BS from a leading undergraduate institution in CS/EE/General Engineering or Economics/Physics/Psychology/Math.  3+ years of product management or product marketing experience at a consumer or enterprise technology company.  Experience building and applying ML technologies to large scale problems.  Experience with product design, software development, or interaction design.  Experience with brands and agencies in the digital advertising space.  Familiarity with SQL, Python, ProgR, Minitab, or SPSS.
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  The GPS (Global Product and Supply) Analytics and Data Science team within Business Insights and Analytics partners with the BMS GPS organization to support data analytics for all key functions within GPS including Manufacturing Operations.  The Manufacturing Operations organization at BMS supports drug product manufacturing from commercialization through end of lifecycle.  Manufacturing Operations scope includes Plant Operations, Science & Technology (MS&T), Internal Manufacturing, External Manufacturing and Network Strategy and Business Operations.  BA/BS required (quantitative area of study or engineering).  MSci, MEng or other .  Masters in quantitative area of study, analytics or data science preferred.  Experience ??Responsibility and minimum number of years.  5+ years of hands-on experience with analytics, modeling platforms, data manipulation software and visualization tools (e.  Experience working in the manufacturing space.  Experience working in a GMP arena is a plus.  Experience interpreting analytical results and ascertaining implications to the business.  Experience interacting with business stakeholders understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling their insight/analytical information requirements.  Experience managing a team of contracted resources.  Strong creative problem solving skills to answer key business questions.  Ability to work with diverse teams across organizational lines and structures.  Strong project management skills with demonstrated ability to lead multiple projects and priorities.  Strong analytical skills with substantial knowledge of data analysis & data engineering.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to quickly gain and apply quality specific knowledge.  Ability to learn new tools quickly.  Proven ability to lead small teams/groups and manage a heavy workload.
 College degree in Computer Science or similar.  5+ years of product management experience.  Strong market analysis skills.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proven previous experience in end-to-end product lifecycle (concept through deployment and maintenance) is required.  Level of experience (years):.  Senior (5+ years of experience). com/jobs/view/956244992/?alertAction=markasviewed&savedSearchAuthToken=1%26AQEjfJr1Yc9nVwAAAWeZacF4kAlTfmSmpnPeiSAhn-zwciBkiFGZ_muRtY25Tu-rYyoqCBpyxiaNFpR0T1SNRo5vC79rBzAuzeh3jCL350PWdlMkKxqDwXKjrRL-Zmq0H5NrPGuWnra4XbyXi6FPqyrGSzc3ui56CNuYMkHdWjElQq7F9YQDLjtlcHZUpmHhzE_4hizkASNY3tbi6pi_0yYcmHxNW3JqJrLZyJhHd3Zp8of41BIV8Vp05WYr6OYBoHEbmpDDbgMwyjPQksfJxbYzVlqGtWUroQf34xrBShfZKx7ZkIMkMg%26AaAFrayxhPj28cyH1UsBasbRf1-j&savedSearchId=191143896&refId=6a56ba7c-95df-41dc-9e38-9ca3b79a9a00&trk=eml-job-alert-member-details&midToken=AQHCj_ReDJvFHQ&trkEmail=eml-email_job_alert_single_02-null-14-null-null-ofjcc~jpinu4l1~mo-null-jobs~view.
 We are passionate about lots of things ??artificial intelligence, machine learning, autonomous robotics and a great user experience-and we love sharing those passions with each other.  Job Essential Skills.  An additional degree such as MSc or PhD in statistics, engineering, mathematics or data analysis will be considered competitive.  a 1-3 years' experience in clinical/scientific trials and research preferred.  Outstanding written, verbal and presentation communication skills in English.  Ability to independently manage and provide significant tactical leadership and guidance.
 Manage complex, cross functional customer implementations for new product deployments and write the play book to drive phenomenal customer onboarding and adoption experiences.  Be the voice of the voice of the customer and champion this knowledge with cross functional teams within Diagnostic Robotics to improve the existing product experience as well as inform new product development opportunities.  5+ years of experience working in the healthcare industry, in a client facing, leadership role (ideal candidate has a mix of top tier management consulting and industry experience).  At least 3+ years of working in a customer success, accounts or partnerships role with demonstrated experience managing cross functional stakeholders with varying seniority.  Demonstrated experience managing complex, cross functional customer implementations (spanning people, processes and technology) which includes building the processes, plans and tools from the ground up.  Excellent communication and interpersonal skills needed to build strong and effective relationships with customer stakeholders including executives, functional business owners and subject matter experts.
 We are looking for an experienced executive with a strong track record of success to lead our next stage of growth in the US.  The role requires a keen understanding of the healthcare ecosystem, and significant business experience working in a growth phase technology company or startup.  Experience in building Joint Ventures, Distribution channels, or a regional office, would be advantageous for this role.  Previous work experience as a General Manager in a high growing company an advantage.  Over 5 years direct management experience, including managing managers, experience in hiring and building excellent teams.  Strong leadership skills and a confident decision maker.  Strong track record as a sales manager.  Excellent interpersonal skills and a team player.  Proven record of growing a technology business across resellers and direct channel.
 The GPU has also proven to be unbelievably effective at solving some of the most sophisticated problems in computer science.  8+ years of experience successfully leading projects in a fast paced and multifaceted environment.  Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience.  Experience leading SAP projects is ideal.
 The ideal candidate has a strong team and project leadership experience, and knowledge in one or more of the following disciplines: Data Science, Applied or Theoretical Machine Learning, Deep Neural Networks, Classification Systems, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, and Artificial intelligence.  Masters degree or higher in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field and strong knowledge of machine learning.  Familiarity with a broad set of supervised and unsupervised ML-based solutions to complex problems in business, science, or engineering.  Experience with fast prototyping.  Experience working and/or leading effectively data science or software engineering teams.  Typically, eight or more years of relevant experience in the industry and/or academia.  Typically, twelve or more years of relevant experience in the industry and/or academia.  Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills.  Strong programming skills utilizing Scikit-learn, OpenCV, Keras and/or Tensorflow libraries.  Experience with machine learning methods like random forests, logistic regression, neural networks, k-nearest neighbors, etc??  Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc??.  Familiarity with Amazon Web Services for data analytics.  Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments.  Experience with big data frameworks (e.  We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.
 Advanced Technology Advisor is an experienced technologist across hardware, software, networking, possessing scientific acumen, operations, and a passion for product.  Has strong product acumen, usability research and user experience background.  Has a proven track record working on innovative technologies, contributing to important strategic technical projects.  Strong operational program manager that leaves no stone unturned, but can communicate at the appropriate level of abstraction, a self-starter who can work in ambiguous environments, keeping the shared goals in mind.  10+ years of experience in Technical/Engineering/ Technical Program Manager role with hands-on experience.  Experience leading technical projects, shipping software, troubleshooting technical issues.  Excellent communicator and EQ.  PhD or MS degree in Computer Science.
 Have proven track record with customers, partners and internal stakeholders, ability to coordinate and execute on large scale projects with high visibility.  Strong operational program manager that leaves no stone unturned, but can communicate at the appropriate level of abstraction, a self-starter who can work in ambiguous environments, keeping the shared goals in mind.  10+ years of experience in Technical Product/ Technical Program Manager role and/or strategic business development.  Experience leading companywide engagements and scaling solutions from early access to fully commercial deployments.  Excellent communicator and EQ.  Must be able to lead through influence, work across teams at scale and feel confident engaging with C-Suite leaders.  PhD or MS degree in Computer Science, MBA, Juris Doctorate or equivalent industry experience.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years relevant experience; or a Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or a Master's degree.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience.  Well rely on you to use proposal plans and strategies to develop, define, and implement cohesive, integrated program, subcontractor, and material plans that achieve overall current and long term objectives of the program, business unit, and division, as well as develop WBS and WBS dictionary as baseline for scope definition and effective integrated cost/schedule management of the project.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years relevant experience.  Ability to develop and implement a product-oriented WBS and WBS Dictionary.  Earned Value Management and scheduling tool experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 This is an opportunity for a proven leader to build and scale a team to drive incredible results.  The ideal candidate will have experience in a high-growth/start-up technology environment.  7+ years of sales experience.  3+ years of Sales leadership experience at high-growth B2B SaaS companies.  Strong track record of leading AE teams to consistently exceeding sales targets.  Experience working with SalesForce, Outreach.
 Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience.  Experience in Development and Implementation of New Processes in support of system testing, to include documenting, the processes performed during test article build.  Ability to generate documents, spreadsheet data analysis, test software and complex block.  Ability to reuse technologies between multiple programs.  Knowledge of optical test equipment for the measurement of optical conditions.  What youll experience:.  An Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent plus a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience.  Ability to generate documents, spreadsheet data analysis, test software and complex block diagram creation.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 The successful candidate will have extensive rail industry experience to leverage new and existing contacts to develop partner channels in the freight and transit rail markets with specific emphasis in mechanical inspection, electronic security solutions, automation solutions and operational service applications.  5+ years of experience in sales or channel marketing.  Experience developing and managing channel partners and programs to meet and exceed sales quotas.  Excellent negotiation skills/techniques with channel partners and clients as well as internal delivery teams for successful execution of sales targets.  Knowledge of and extensive contacts/relationships within the rail, transit and systems integrator community to facilitate the development of strategic teaming relationships is a must.  Proven ability to navigate through the partners organization.  Proven ability to leverage internal and external resources to achieve sales objectives.
(GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field and a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience; Agile experience preferred.  Strong knowledge of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories.  Strong proficiency with requirements management & system modeling toolsWHAT SETS YOU APART:Exceptional communication skills with the capacity to get buy-in on concepts and ideasCreative thinking with the ability to multi-taskAptitude to quickly grasp and apply new informationEffectively leads teams to the successful completion of major programs and projects.  Ability to interact with project teams, managers and end users.  Experience:systems engineering: 8 years (Required)Cyber, RF, undersea, and interstellar space: 2 years (Required)ystems engineering concepts, principles and theories: 2 years (Required)Agile: 2 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Application Question:1.  Please walk us through your Systems Engineering experience - Understanding and tailoring of systems engineering concepts, principles and theories?2.  Please tell us about your proficiency in system modeling tools.
As our Engineering Manager for the Web Team, you will work to:Capture and organize comprehensive project plans to be shared with directors and other staff membersDefine project scope and objectives involving all relevant stakeholders while ensuring technical feasibilitySchedule, manage, track progress, and ensure on-time completion of scoped deliverablesRecognize team strengths and skill sets to effectively delegate tasksIdentify and provide direction for areas of improvement throughout the teamPerform risk management throughout project executionCreate and maintain comprehensive project documentationDevelop process roadmaps for communicating needsLead regular stand-ups, team meetings, sprint reviews and retrospectivesAlign the companys general business targets with the projects objectives and outcomesAssign, prioritize, and supervise project tasks using existing task management platformsBe ready to roll up sleeves and contribute to task completion with the teamMaintain thorough understanding of the involved stack and the state of various code basesIdentify opportunities to leverage existing infrastructure for high value resultsYour background and experience will likely include:Excellence in project management and organization.  Excellent verbal and written communicationCoordinating execution between cross-functional interdisciplinary teamsFull stack expertise architecting and developing web based applications.  Expertise building, maintaining, and scaling cloud infrastructureDistributed systemsCI / CD automation and test design.  Ability and passion to learn a variety of technologiesInterest in teaching / developing / mentoring their team to grow together in technical ability.  Exposure to design for application and network securityClear passion for technology, builder, makeJob Type: Full-timeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Marvin is in the midst of a digital transformation journey and actively pursuing highly optimized digital manufacturing and automation while simultaneously leveraging Human Centered Design to create innovative, disruptive, personalized and delightful new products and experiences for our employees, channel partners and customers.  Expertise in a wide range of business functions, processes, leadership, budgeting and overall business operations and financial management.  Ability to develop high performing teams and identify and mentor future leaders.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to professionally interact with and influence a diverse group of executives, managers, and subject matter experts.  Knowledge of sound project management principles and successful implementation track record.  Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Information Technology, or related discipline desired (MBA a plus).  7+ years of experience with directing staff and establishing priorities with company leadership.  Proven ability to bring data solutions from concept to high functionality in an environment highly ingrained and dependent on legacy processes, systems and applications.  Strong knowledge of advanced analytics methodologies including artificial intelligence and machine learning concepts aimed towards delivering high impact results for the business.
 UST Global is looking for Project Manager that has extensive Scum experience as well has worked in an Agile environment.  Project Manager will be expected to use a high level of knowledge and experience in blending traditional project management principles and practices with an Agile development approach in the right proportions to fit large, complex, mission critical, enterprise level projects and with the appropriate level of planning and provide the right balance of agility and predictability.  Develop in fast paced environmentShow superior leadership qualities and excellent communication skillsSolid understanding of software development life cycle models as well as expert knowledge of both Agile and traditional project management principles and practices and the ability to blend them together in the right proportions to fit a project and business environmentA proven track record of successfully implementing software or web development projects using Agile methodologies including 8 years of experience as a Project Manager managing large, complex projects in a high tech development environment with multi function teams.  PMP preferredPrior experience with SCRUM Agile methodologies with enterprise level application development projects.  Experience overseeing multi function project teams with at least 10 15 team members including Developers, Business Analysts, and QA PersonnelBalanced business technical background.  Excellent verbal and oral communicationShould possess leadership qualitiesWork with minimum supervision, should be a leader than a followerBA or BS.  Very effective interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building.  Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing demandsIn depth knowledge and understanding of business needs with the ability to establish maintain high level of customer trust and confidence.  Proven ability to lead software development projects and ensure objectives, goals, and commitments are metSolid understanding of and demonstrated experience in using appropriate tools.  Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and IT individuals at all levels including the executive levelCreative approach to problem solving with the ability to focus on details while maintaining the big picture view.  BAS or BS.
 Experience/Skills.  Bachelor's Degree required / technical undergraduate degree preferred, MBA or equivalent preferred.  Minimum 7+ years experience in product management, with a combined 12+ years industry experience including product development/technical role/product marketing in a software solutions oriented business.  Experience in a B2B SaaS or software company specifically related to Data Ingestion, Data Model and Data Quality.  Ability to conceptualize, negotiate and sell ideas internally and externally.  Strong understanding of user-centered design principles.  Proven track record for developing, managing and launching large-scale cloud-based software products.  Strong technical and data-analysis skills.  Excellent organizational, project and resource management skills.  Experience in leading Agile/Scrum adoption in prior roles as a Product Owner.  Experience working in a fast-paced environment.  Experience working on large scale data integration products is beneficial in providing product strategy guidance to R&D teams and architects.  Familiarity or work experience in the Pharmaceutical space is highly desired but not required.  Prior experience managing people is beneficial.  The exact nature of duties, level of role as well as the salary and compensation package will be commensurate with experience and salary history.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field. 7+ years experience building successful production software5+ years of management experience (including a combination of experience hiring, managing performance, and providing technical leadership).  We will leverage the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as SageMaker, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3, and Amazon QuickSight to provide a truly frustration-free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Master's degree in Computer Science or equivalentThe ability to take raw product requirements and develop software architectures and designs to bring them to life.  Experience defining system architectures and exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs.  Excellent written and verbal communication skillsAcademic and/or industry experience with one of more of the following domains: machine learning, large-scale distributed systems, linear optimization techniques, supply chain technology.  Experience with designing and building large-scale systems in a multi-tiered, distributed environment using micro services architecture.  Experience with Java, web technologies, and multi-threaded programming.  Experience in driving systemic operational improvements.  Experience managing other managers.  Excellent business judgmentRelentless high standards (never satisfied with the status quo)Able to dive deep and is never out of touch with the details of the businessExpects and requires innovation of her/his teamHas passion and conviction and the innate ability to inspire passion in others.  Strong results orientationThinks big.
 Project management/project life-cycle knowledge with experience doing systems/business analysis.  Experience with web development techniques.  Experience working with back end databases and database management systems.  Knowledge of multiple ERP systems and databases (e.  SAP, MS Access).  Familiarity with system infrastructure and application design.  Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Robotics Process Automation and blockchain and their impact on the regulatory environment.  Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.  Ability to function within a geographically-distributed team.
 Project management/project life-cycle knowledge with experience doing systems/business analysis.  Experience with web development techniques.  Experience working with back end databases and database management systems.  Knowledge of multiple ERP systems and databases (e.  SAP, MS Access).  Familiarity with system infrastructure and application design.  Familiarity with Artificial Intelligence/ Machine Learning, Robotics Process Automation and blockchain and their impact on the regulatory environment.  Strong attention to detail and problem-solving skills.  Ability to function within a geographically-distributed team.
 5+ years of experience in sales role (SaaS preferred).  Exposure to selling Artificial Intelligence applications/systems.  Experience developing and managing channel partners and programs to meet and exceed sales quotas.  Excellent negotiation skills/techniques with channel partners and clients as well as internal delivery teams for successful execution of sales targets.  Familiarity with data analysis, reporting, and CRM systems.  Ability to analyze and understand channel partner organizations.  Ability to leverage internal and external resources to achieve sales objectives.  Proven ability to drive the sales process from plan to close.
 As one of the nation's leading digital financial services companies, Ally is investing in enabling real-time, multi-channel, personalized experiences by leveraging data, analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence.  8+ years of modeling/analytics experience; at least 5 years of building analytical models in a banking environment.  Masters' degree in a data science related field (e. ), or an MBA with experience in data science.  Experience using a broad range of quantitative analytical techniques, from descriptive statistical analysis to predictive and prescriptive analytic solutions.  Strong understanding of model lifecycle management.  Strong knowledge of SQL, especially for data stitching and data discovery.  Strong knowledge of ProgR, Python, or SAS, with strong aptitude to further develop expertise in possibly all three languages.  Strong communication (written and oral), and interpersonal skills, being able to translate models into business insights across the bank.  Familiarity with Agile a plus.  Knowledge of Spark and Scala.  Knowledge of data structures and data stitching.
 What skills do you need?3-5 years of industry experience in product marketing.  Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills and a proven track record partnering with product teams to develop roadmap and take products to launch.  Experience developing messaging and use cases.  Strong alignment with our core values: Kindness, Candor, Proactivity and Humility.
 Bachelors degree in data analytics, data science, statistics, mathematics, computer science, management of information systems or equivalent relevant experience.  Minimum of 5+ years experience in business management, data analysis, statistics, or marketing.  Ability to effectively communicate with, and respond to questions from vice presidents, managers, employees, customers, and the general public.  Strong organizational skills and the ability take ownership of multiple projects and priorities.  Strong management skills with proven ability to build teams.  Ability to read, analyze, and interpret business data points.  Industry experience.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience.  Well rely on you to use proposal plans and strategies to develop, define, and implement cohesive, integrated program, subcontractor, and material plans that achieve overall current and long term objectives of the program, business unit, and division, as well as develop WBS and WBS dictionary as baseline for scope definition and effective integrated cost/schedule management of the project.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 5 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 3 years relevant experience.  Ability to develop and implement a product-oriented WBS and WBS Dictionary.  Earned Value Management and scheduling tool experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 2 years relevant experience; or a Master's degree.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 2 years of relevant experience; or a Master's degree.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience.  Experience in Development and Implementation of New Processes in support of system testing, to include documenting, the processes performed during test article build.  Ability to generate documents, spreadsheet data analysis, test software and complex block.  Ability to reuse technologies between multiple programs.  Knowledge of optical test equipment for the measurement of optical conditions.  What youll experience:.  An Associates degree in related discipline or equivalent plus a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience.  Ability to generate documents, spreadsheet data analysis, test software and complex block diagram creation.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  The GPS (Global Product and Supply) Analytics and Data Science team within Business Insights and Analytics partners with the BMS GPS organization to support data analytics for all key functions within GPS including Manufacturing Operations.  The Manufacturing Operations organization at BMS supports drug product manufacturing from commercialization through end of lifecycle.  Manufacturing Operations scope includes Manufacturing, Science & Technology (MS&T), Internal Manufacturing, External Manufacturing and Network Strategy and Business Operations.  BA/BS required (quantitative area of study or engineering).  MSci, MEng or other .  Masters in quantitative area of study, analytics or data science preferred.  Experience - Responsibility and minimum number of years.  5+ years of hands-on experience with analytics, modeling platforms, data manipulation software and visualization tools (e.  Experience working in the manufacturing space.  Experience interpreting analytical results and ascertaining implications to the business.  Experience interacting with business stakeholders understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling their insight/analytical information requirements.  Experience managing a team of contracted resources.  Strong creative problem solving skills to answer key business questions.  Ability to work with diverse teams across organizational lines and structures.  Strong project management skills with demonstrated ability to lead multiple projects and priorities.  Strong analytical skills with substantial knowledge of data analysis & data engineering.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to quickly gain and apply quality specific knowledge.  Ability to learn new tools quickly.  Proven ability to lead small teams/groups and manage a heavy workload.
 Experience and Education.  Bachelors degree in Information Systems, technology, engineering, or related field required.  Advanced degree in science, technology, engineering, math, or related field preferred.  Ten (10) years of progressively responsible Data Warehouse management, Business Intelligence, or related IT experience required.  Prior experience in the healthcare industry and agile development methodologies is highly preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.  1 year of experience in technical leadership, managing or leading technical/engineering teams through feature and product launches.  -Coding experience with a general purpose programming language.  Coding experience with a general purpose programming language.  2 years of experience managing or technically leading engineering teams.  Experience managing teams to plan and deliver on projects with quality and consistency.  Ability to work well with individuals of varying levels of experience and technical depth.  Excellent communication skills.  Experience Team continues to grow.  As an Engineering Manager, you will support the team in spearheading the next generation of our web based IDE and LookML development experience.  Looker is a unified platform that powers data experiences and delivers actionable business insights to employees at the point of decision.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of technical leadership and people management experience.  Programming experience in one of the following: Java, C++ or Python.  10 years of relevant industry experience.  5 years of technical leadership and people management experience.  Large scale systems design experience.
 Experience design team to increase products usability.  12+ years of software development experience building and scaling enterprise customer facing products and services.  Must have a track record of building, deploying and scaling distributed, highly available, large scale, high performing multi-tenant SaaS applications.  Must have sound understanding of failure modes, resiliency patterns, and techniques to enable robust, self healing architecture.  Must have experience building micro-services and customer facing APIs.  Full-stack expertise and experience in Java technologies eco-system (spring, JPA, JMS?? and one of JavaScript technologies (React, Angular, Ember??.  Mastery in database technologies including RDBMS and NoSQL databases (PostGres / MySQL / Cassandra) and experience writing high performing queries.  Experience and skills in global deployment patterns using cloud technologies and container technologies.  Proven expertise and passion for continuous development - CI/CD.  Experience with at least one public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or GCP.  BS/MS in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent experience.
 Experience design team to increase products usability.  14+ years of software development experience building and scaling enterprise customer facing products and services.  Must have a track record of building, deploying and scaling distributed, highly available, large scale, high performing multi-tenant SaaS applications.  Must have sound understanding of failure modes, resiliency patterns, and techniques to enable robust, self healing architecture.  Must have experience building micro-services and customer facing APIs.  Full-stack expertise and experience in Java technologies eco-system (spring, JPA, JMS?? and one of JavaScript technologies (React, Angular, Ember??.  Mastery in database technologies including RDBMS and NoSQL databases (PostGres / MySQL / Cassandra) and experience writing high performing queries.  Experience and skills in global deployment patterns using cloud technologies and container technologies.  Proven expertise and passion for continuous development - CI/CD.  Experience with at least one public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or GCP.  BS/MS in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent experience.
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  The GPS (Global Product and Supply) Analytics and Data Science team within Business Insights and Analytics partners with the BMS GPS organization to support data analytics for all key functions within GPS including Manufacturing Operations.  The Manufacturing Operations organization at BMS supports drug product manufacturing from commercialization through end of lifecycle.  Manufacturing Operations scope includes Plant Operations, Science & Technology (MS&T), Internal Manufacturing, External Manufacturing and Network Strategy and Business Operations.  BA/BS required (quantitative area of study or engineering).  MSci, MEng or other .  Masters in quantitative area of study, analytics or data science preferred.  Experience - Responsibility and minimum number of years.  5+ years of hands-on experience with analytics, modeling platforms, data manipulation software and visualization tools (e.  Experience working in the manufacturing space.  Experience working in a GMP arena is a plus.  Experience interpreting analytical results and ascertaining implications to the business.  Experience interacting with business stakeholders understanding, anticipating, and fulfilling their insight/analytical information requirements.  Experience managing a team of contracted resources.  Strong creative problem solving skills to answer key business questions.  Ability to work with diverse teams across organizational lines and structures.  Strong project management skills with demonstrated ability to lead multiple projects and priorities.  Strong analytical skills with substantial knowledge of data analysis & data engineering.  Strong written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to quickly gain and apply quality specific knowledge.  Ability to learn new tools quickly.  Proven ability to lead small teams/groups and manage a heavy workload.
 Strong technical ability to understand and learn a diverse group of technical products in order to support customer onboarding, integration, training, and operational support.  Enterprise product consulting and integration experience, understanding of industry best practices, implementation experience with enterprise platforms.  Experience with key areas of customer enterprise workflows, including onboarding techniques, access control & security, and asset and metadata management.  Proven ability to interact with all levels of an organization with technical and non-technical customers and stakeholders.  Strong aptitude for communicating complex business and technical concepts.  Ability to collaborate with a variety of teams while also being able to work independently as a self-starter on an as-needed basis.  Bachelor's degree required.  Familiarity with DAM solutions, image licensing, metadata modeling, API integrations, SaaS products, and working with product teams and software development.  Experience supporting Ad Data Platforms or other Data-driven products.  Experience with Advanced Analytics, Personalization, Targeting or use of Artificial Intelligence operationally, or other Business Intelligence tools.  Experience in technical product enterprise solutions, technical client facing integrations, and project management.
 Cortana's natural user experience fundamentally changes the way we use devices, applications, services, and technology in the next wave of computing.  We are looking for the right people to envision and help deliver the AI platform and experiences that people cant do without, that gives them more time for the important things, alleviates the stress of daily lives and bring smiles to faces.  We take our responsibility to build an inclusive user experience seriously and building inclusive teams is fundamental to that.  Your efforts will result in a highly capable platform that powers a range of intelligent and assistive experiences across a variety of Microsoft 365 end points targeted at productivity improvements for the users.  You must also be experienced in collaborating across teams at Microsoft, cutting through ambiguity and getting products shipped with highest quality.  The ideal candidate for this role is a talented and experienced Program Manager with:.  Strong technical leadership abilities with demonstrated strategic thinking and vision.  5+ years of relevant program management experience in the tech industry.  Proven track record of delivering large complex projects (ideally online services and AI/ML related).  Familiarity and/or experience in AI/ML, speech recognition and natural language technologies.  Ability to effectively communicate and write functional specifications.  Excellent analytical, communication, presentation, and negotiation skills.  Ability and experience in managing cross-functional organizations, customers, and executive leadership teams.  Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
 In addition, Related Vocational Training plus a minimum of 3 years administrative or business experience, or a minimum 5 years of administrative or business experience is required.  What youll experience:.  In addition, Related Vocational Training plus a minimum of 3 years administrative or business experience, or a minimum 5 years of administrative or business experience.  Ability to manage frequently changing schedules and appointments as well as coordinate multiple projects and tasks.  Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.  Strong writing and editing skills, vocabulary and grammar.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Experience:.  12+ years of related experience and a minimum of a BS degree in EE.  Relevant experience in a product marketing role in EDA or Semiconductor industries.  Design experience and understanding of analog circuit design methodologies.  Proven ability to work in a matrix environment.
 3-5 years post-graduate experience in ML, specifically in NLU/NLP.  Expertise in NLP techniques to solve problems in dialogue management: either direct experience in dialogue systems OR experience in reinforcement learning.  NLU, NLG, ASR/TTS and/or experience with dialogue systems.  Experience with Python packages for Machine Learning (Scikit-Learn), NLP (SpaCy), and Deep Learning (Pytorch).  Proven track record of problem-solving, communication, and critical-thinking skills.
 DMS (Digital Media Solutions) lab has researched and developed TV and display's picture quality algorithm for product excellence.  Samsung TV has been leading the industry with top products for 14 years and DMS lab contributes a lot for PQ algorithm.  DMS lab keep focusing on researching new algorithm for TV and display's picture quality improvement and optimization and supporting production.  Experience Requirements:.  More than 10 year's PQ research and development experience.  More than 5 years project manager experience.
 Develop enterprise visualization standards and enhance user experience.  Bachelors Degree in the field of Engineering or Equivalent work experience.  7+ years of experience using Business Intelligence Analytical tools like OBIEE, Tableau, Power BI, BI Apps, Business Objects, SAP.  4+ years of experience using ETL tools like informatica, ODI, Talend, SSIS, Data Stage.  3+ years of experience with enterprise data analytics solutions including integration of complex data sources for the deployment of decision support systems.  Experience in defining and delivering business solutions from inception to production of requirement life cycle.  Experience in implementing and supporting business intelligence applications at enterprise level.  Hands on experience in applications development, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and advanced analytics with emphasis on Microsoft Azure Suite.  Experience in working with python, deep learning framework like PyTorch, Tensorflow, Cafe.  Leadership experience in an enterprise or cross-functional role.  Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing; interacts with all levels of associates and management within the organization.  Proven ability to coordinate cross-functional teams of business, DBS, and other key stakeholders.  Ability to multi-task and handle multiple things at one time.  Strong analytical, problem-solving skills.  High energy with a positive outlook and experience as a change agent.  Ability to work effectively with minimal supervision and guidance.  Strong knowledge of computers to operative effectively with PowerPoint presentations, Microsoft Project, Excel spreadsheets and Microsoft Outlook.  Ability to deal with stressful situations as they arise.
 Experience in procurement contracting activities.  Experience.  Strong organization skills.  Experience with information systems.  Evidence of developing innovative commercial solutions using a wide range of value levers.  Strong interpersonal and influencing skills - important to build relationships, trust and to become respected by the business teams.  Strong oral and written communication and presentation skills.  Strong problem solving skills.  Strong implementation skills.  Makes good and timely decisions that move the organization forward, based upon a mixture of facts, analysis, experience and judgement.  Ability to handle multiple projects at the same time and close advanced projects on time with minimal supervision.  Must be a good team player - willing and able to assist peers in Global Procurement and able to work in multi-functional, cross-regional teams.  Legal experience.
 3+ years of related experience preferred.  Experience in a multi-modality clinical trials group or research team a plus.  If you would like to put your experience to great use in a professional team-oriented environment, please apply online.  To learn more about ACRs rewarding employee experience, culture, and benefits, visit: https://www.  ACR offers a rewarding employee experience: innovative culture, professional growth potential, competitive compensation and an exceptional benefits package, including a defined contribution pension plan, 403(b); generous paid time off package; insurance plans with the leading providers; flexible spending; tuition reimbursement; training opportunities; and wellness reimbursement.  Skills.  Experience.  Licenses & Certifications.
 Expertise in designing, analyzing and troubleshooting large-scale distributed systems.  Ability to debug, optimize scripts, and automate routine tasks.  Cloud experience: AWS, Rackspace, Azure.  Experience with Terraform, Vault and Jenkins administration.  Experience with Linux operating systems and networking engineering.  Experience with monitoring systems such as DataDog or Nagios.  Ability to define Service Level Indicators (SLIs) and Service Level Objectives (SLOs).  Experience with Continuous Delivery.  Excellent communication skills.  Strong ability to collaborate and cooperate across teams.  Bachelors degree or equivalent level of experience.
 UST Global is looking for Project Manager that has extensive Scum experience as well has worked in an Agile environment.  Project Manager will be expected to use a high level of knowledge and experience in blending traditional project management principles and practices with an Agile development approach in the right proportions to fit large, complex, mission critical, enterprise level projects and with the appropriate level of planning and provide the right balance of agility and predictability.  Develop in fast paced environmentShow superior leadership qualities and excellent communication skillsSolid understanding of software development life cycle models as well as expert knowledge of both Agile and traditional project management principles and practices and the ability to blend them together in the right proportions to fit a project and business environmentA proven track record of successfully implementing software or web development projects using Agile methodologies including 8 years of experience as a Project Manager managing large, complex projects in a high tech development environment with multi function teams.  PMP preferredPrior experience with SCRUM Agile methodologies with enterprise level application development projects.  Experience overseeing multi function project teams with at least 10 15 team members including Developers, Business Analysts, and QA PersonnelBalanced business technical background.  Excellent verbal and oral communicationShould possess leadership qualitiesWork with minimum supervision, should be a leader than a followerBA or BS.  Very effective interpersonal skills including mentoring, coaching, collaborating, and team building.  Strong analytical, planning, and organizational skills with an ability to manage competing demandsIn depth knowledge and understanding of business needs with the ability to establish maintain high level of customer trust and confidence.  Proven ability to lead software development projects and ensure objectives, goals, and commitments are metSolid understanding of and demonstrated experience in using appropriate tools.  Excellent oral and written communications skills and experience interacting with both business and IT individuals at all levels including the executive levelCreative approach to problem solving with the ability to focus on details while maintaining the big picture view.  BAS or BS.
 This is an opportunity for a proven leader to build and scale a team to drive incredible results.  The ideal candidate will have experience in a high-growth/start-up technology environment.  7+ years of sales experience.  3+ years of Sales leadership experience at high-growth B2B SaaS companies.  Strong track record of leading AE teams to consistently exceeding sales targets.  Experience working with SalesForce, Outreach.
 Excellent people skills, must be comfortable working with people with special needs.  Experience in business development and customer service in B2B environment.  Strong verbal and written communication skills and attention to detail are essential for success.  Valid drivers license, and access to a vehicle as needed.
 IBM Services is looking for a Quantum Client Services Leader to shape the way C-Suite and Line-of-Business clients experience and consume quantum services.  Be a key influencer in driving IBMs quantum industry consulting strategy based on real Client experiences aligned to industry & market trends.  Expertise.  Masters or other advanced STEM degree.  2 years of experience in business and technology strategy consulting.  Experience with IBM Quantum, Qiskit, and basic knowledge in quantum computing.  Strong project management skills with a commitment to be highly organized and determination to meet deadlines.  Strong relationship building, negotiation skills, and client management experience.  A proactive and positive attitude experience in strong ideation, facilitation and communications skills.  Experience in making data driven decisions and deep analytical thinking.  Expertise.  3+ years of experience in strong business and technology strategy consulting.  Experiences.
 Using the most advanced GPUs and software, GeForce NOW transforms the gaming experience with always up-to-date games on always the latest hardware, a streaming experience rivaling that of a local PC, and near-instant launch ??just click and play! For more details see https://www.  We need you to demonstrate a proven understanding of software development principles, tool chaining and automation along with a willingness to work collaboratively and remotely, with other teams, to accomplish complex goals.  You should have experience influencing decisions cross-organizationally and leading processes to meet multiple objectives.  BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent program from an accredited University/College.  6+ years of software development or equivalent experience and 4+ years of experience in leading a SW engineering team.  Experience with Docker and Containers.  Experience with Git and Jenkins.  Experience with Ansible and Terraform.  Experience with AWS.  Excellent interpersonal, and written communication skills required.  Experience with Kubernetes.  Experience with PC Gaming.  Linux system administration experience.
 Bachelors degree10+ years of public relations experienceTechnology PR experience.  The ideal candidate will have a deep understanding of AI/ML topics and trends, possesses extensive media relations experience, excellent writing skills, and be adept at translating complex technology concepts into broadly digestible stories.  Extensive experience pitching proactive stories to technology and business publicationsCurrent experience managing media relationships and a network of media contactsUnderstanding of technology, and ability to communicate complex topics effectively.
 Create a comprehensive data exploitation plan that compliments P&Gs emerging application of Model-Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) and .  Knowledge-Based System Engineering (KBSE).  Masters Degree in a quantitative field (Engineering, Data Science, Operations Research, Applied Math, Statistics, Analytics, etc. ) 3+ years of experience in the following:.  Experience in Big Data & cloud environments (Hadoop, Spark, Hive, SQL Server, SAP HANA).  Strong leadership, business problem definition, and priority setting skills.  Prior Innovation Development, Supply Chain, IoT or related experience.  Preferred Skills and .  Experiences:.  Skills in data visualization (Tableau, Power BI, or similar).  Skills in script program languages (SQL, Python/Scala, ProgR, JAVA, C+).  Proven success in applied analytics through related full-time internship experience.
 We are seeking a passionate, results-oriented, proven individual with experience in the innovation and management of global partner programs.  The successful candidate must have proven experience and success in working collaboratively across executive management, field sales organization, product development, marketing, etc.  The ideal candidate will possess an extensive background working with technology partnerships and partner programs, particularly as related to Managed Service Providers (MSPs) and Strategic Implementers (SIs), along with strong business development, strategic alliances, and entrepreneurial skills.  The candidate should also have a proven track record of influencing innovation through a partner ecosystem with a prior solution and program successes.   Engage OPN program members directly to gain insight on the user experience of the program.  Experience working on MSP and/or SI program development strongly preferred.  Experience and success in managing large and complex global partner ecosystems with a proven understanding of the various business models.  Strong presentation skills and the ability to articulate complex concepts to cross-functional audiences.  Proven ability to partner with a wide variety of senior-level individuals including top-level business leaders and customers.  Strong business acumen, and experience with large, complex organizations during periods of rapid growth and change.  12+ years of Marketing/Business Development experience in the technology industry, preferably software industry.  Experience should include relationship management.  Ability to determine strategy and tactical plans that deliver tangible results.  Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills.  BA/BS degree or equivalent, advanced degree highly desirable.
 Facebook is seeking an experienced Program Manager to develop content, manage rollout of projects, and help drive effective communications and collateral for the Facebook AI organization.  The ideal candidate has experience creating content and build awareness and engagement for a technical product or audience.  Ability to map dependencies and relationships between research and teams.  Proven track record of building and scaling programs.  Experience in communication and messaging to a large organization.  Experience working directly with technical scientists, engineers, and management.  Communication, coordination, organizational and multitasking experience.  Interpersonal experience, including relationship building, and collaboration with a cross-functional, global team.  Experience operating autonomously across multiple teams, demonstrated critical thinking, and thought leadership.  Experience working in AI/ML programs or teams.  Experience working with students and interns, and general understanding of key AI research conferences and forums.  Experience delivering tech programs or products from inception to delivery.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience.  The ideal candidate will bring progressive, product marketing leadership experience.  10+ years experience in product marketing and enabling and launching products in e/retail, SI and the channel.  Outstanding Marketing Skills ??Superior marketing mind, can see big market opportunities yet able to focus on segments that deliver profitable revenue in a timely manner.  Possess a broad base of knowledge across the entire product market and channels and can use that experience to set goals, integrate across fields, and troubleshoot issues.  Collaboration and Influencing Skills ??Utilizes interpersonal relations, judgment skills, and data to guide senior management and influence outcomes.  Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-CC2 || Tier 5 ||.
Position OverviewRedFox AI is seeking an experienced and passionate Director of Sales & Business Development to lead our sales and business development efforts. Job RequirementsPrior experience working directly with technology or in technology preferredWillingness to continuously learn.  Must be able to adapt quickly and apply knowledge on the fly.  Must be a self-starter who can work independently and adhere to deadlines.  Must have experience working with Office 365 (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Teams, etc. )Prior familiarity and basic knowledge of Artificial Intelligence and voice assistant platforms like Alexa and Google Assistant is preferred but not requiredCompensation & BenefitsCompensation:Commission-only with opportunity for equity stake based on performance*Commission terms will be determined based on experienceBenefits: Flexible working scheduleWork from homeExciting and fun company cultureJob Type: Commission.  Experience:Business Development: 1 year (Required)Education:High school or equivalent (Required)Application Question:Are you comfortable with 100% remote work?Commission Only:YesAdditional Compensation:CommissionOther formsWork Location:Fully RemoteThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeThis Job Is:A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applyOpen to applicants who do not have a college diplomaSchedule:OtherCompany's website:https://redfox-ai.
 Our goal at Pittsburgh AI Works is to Elevate the human experience through the use of innovative artificial intelligence.  Consultative Business Process experience.  Candidate shall be experienced in all facets of strategy, solution design, product development and business growth through innovation.  This senior role exercises your technical eminence, management knowledge and experience with complex solution development.  Masters or PhD degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Math, or related discipline with 20+ years of relevant industry experience.  5+ years of multiple leadership experiences in leading data science (artificial intelligence and machine learning) teams on a variety of business impacting areas that enabled innovation and business outcomes.  Expert in data analytic/statistical/mathematical methodologies.  Proven business experience (10+ years) with data science (AI/ML) tools, including expert level skills in SPSS Modeler, SAS Enterprise Miner, or similar tools.  Ability to work independently and thrive under ambiguous circumstances.  Ability to work under deadlines and with multiple competing priorities.  Ability to adapt to changing work environments, work priorities and organizational needs.  Strong collaboration skills, clear team player, enthusiastic, and can-do attitude.
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.  3 years of technical leadership and people management experience.  Experience managing software development projects.  Masters Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or Electrical Engineering.  Experience working with industry partners in the enterprise space.  Experience with integrating third-party tools and services.  Knowledge of the production environment, software development methodology and tool structures.
 We have a proven product, brand-name customers, significant revenue and growth, and are backed by leading investors.  We want a person who wants to share their experiences, best practices and knowledge to elevate the team as a whole.  Excellent data science skills -hands on knowledge of new data science technologies.  Masters/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Physical Sciences, Operations Research or another similar quantitative field.  A minimum of three years of successful technical team management experience.  Deep experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data.  Strong knowledge in the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, artificial intelligence, operations research, natural language processing, and/or predictive modeling.  Python experience is required, Bash scripting big plus.  Familiarity with data science technologies, such as TensorFlow, Git, Snowflake, AWS, Hadoop, NumPy, SQL, Elasticsearch, Docker, Kubernetes.  Basic understanding of software engineering and familiarity with SDLC, Agile, and issue tracking.
 You would use your technical judgment, experience and knowledge to build out the vision, execution strategy, architecture, and lead teams from concept to deployment and support.  15+ years of software development experience building customer facing products and services.  Must have 6+ years of experience leading full-stack engineering teams building services, data systems, APIs and web applications.  Must have experience designing and delivering distributed, highly available, large scale, high performing multi-tenant enterprise SaaS applications.  Must have experience of delivery in rapidly changing, highly collaborative, multi-site, multi-stakeholder environments.  Must have experience delivering and operating revenue generating products in a public cloud (GCP preferred).  Experience and skills in establishing and improving metrics-based processes.  Excellent communications, organization, and time management skills.  BS/MS in Computer Science/Engineering or related discipline, and 8+ years of people management experience.
 5 years of experience gained within the past 10 years (2010 to present) in evaluation sciences in any of the following: Analytical techniques such as predictive analytics and risk analytics; natural language processing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence; data requirements analysis, data modeling, data cleaning, and database structures; data mining and visualization; conceptual modeling; and statistical analysis techniques.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following programming languages common in data science: Python, ProgR, Java, SQL, and/or No-SQL).  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following math packages common in data science: MATLAB, JMP, and/or SAS.  Masters degree in a relevant field and 3 years field experience in human factors engineering or testing of major military systems.  Shall include experience in Manpower Personnel Training (MPT) and/or the use of human development or testing military systems which would include experience in the use of human factors instrumentation.  Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:.
  Bachelor's degree.   Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.   Leadership experience in two or more Information Technology, Engineering or Business functional areas.  Excellent leadership communication and executive presence.  Strong business acumen and ability to translate new technology into business value.
  Bachelor's degree.   Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Software Engineering or related field.   Leadership experience in two or more Information Technology, Engineering or Business functional areas.  Excellent leadership communication and executive presence.  Strong business acumen and ability to translate new technology into business value.
 Work with multiple databases and data sources (TSQL based RDMS, NoSQL, Graph, etc).  Masters degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Information Systems, Health Informatics, Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence, and/or related technical field.  5+ years of computer programming experience (Combination of C, C++, Microsoft .  3+ years of working knowledge of SQL (specifically with one or more of the following platforms: MSSQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, Sybase, DB2, or Similar Relational T-SQL Platform).  Knowledge of fiscal management, accounting, and finance.  Expertise in healthcare reimbursement, claims management, healthcare business office systems, etc highly desired.  Strong attention to details.  Ability to meet deadlines Independently.  Ability to communicate effectively regarding technical subjects; able to translate business requirements to technical requirements; able to communicate effectively with other non-technical team members.  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationship with all customers, co-workers, staff, and physicians.  Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing to customers, co-workers, staff, and physicians.  Ability to read, understand, and follow oral and written instructions.  Ability to communicate clearly and concisely both verbally and written.
 Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field,.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred),.  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  Are self-directed and can prioritise experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer,.
 We are looking for an experienced and results-oriented Growth Marketing Manager.  5+ years of experience in a growth or marketing capacity, with demonstrated experience developing, executing, and analyzing campaigns.  Experience forecasting and managing to forecast.  Knowledge of digital and growth marketing KPI's, data analysis, retrieval, aggregation, modeling, and visualization.  Deep experimentation experience and mindset with a proven track record of executing A/B tests, optimizing campaigns and translating data into insights.  Proven ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, specifically with Product, Engineering and Product Marketing.  Experience in building the go-to-market strategy for a fast growing products.
 Expert on all aspects of the assigned program areas.  Bachelors Degree in Business or related field.  14 or more years of experience to include 1 year as the team leader of an acquisition project and an additional 3 years as a practicing analyst responsible for a functional area of an acquisition program.  Progressively responsible experience in the management of acquisition programs.  Experienced in both R&D production and/or deployment phases of the acquisition process.  Must possess sufficient familiarity with modern qualitative and quantitative analysis tools to apply to the solution of problems and to provide guidance to subordinates on the selection and use of such tools.  Must possess managerial or supervisory experience sufficient to ensure positive direction of subordinates.  Must be familiar with systems integration techniques, system trade-off analysis, and/or program planning.  5 years of experience gained within the past 10 years (2010 to present) in evaluation sciences in any of the following: Analytical techniques such as predictive analytics and risk analytics; natural language processing, machine learning, and artificial intelligence; data requirements analysis, data modeling, data cleaning, and database structures; data mining and visualization; conceptual modeling; and statistical analysis techniques;.  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following programming languages common in data science: Python, ProgR, Java, SQL, and/or No-SQL).  Demonstrated experience in use and application of one or more of the following math packages common in data science: MATLAB, JMP, and/or SAS.  Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:.
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  The X-Lab has a need to augment the team with a senior systems engineer and analysis lead that holds at least a Secret clearance with a TS/SCI being preferable and possesses demonstrable skills in the following areas:.  The Lead Analyst must have [12+] years of experience leading or contributing to an integrated team environment with other systems, software, and specialty engineers to develop solutions that includes a background in all aspects of the analysis life cycle.  The Lead Analyst should have experience with identification of analysis objectives, metric generation, data assessment, and presentation of the results.  The Lead Analyst should have demonstrated the ability to communicate effectively, developed and scripted analysis tools, clearly present technical approaches and findings, and have experience in writing and implementing analysis plans within a project.  Ideally, the Lead Analyst will have experience in working on IRAD-type projects.  Ability to extract data to support analysis.  Operating systems experience with Windows & Unix/Linux.  Familiarity with Link-16, including content, transmission rules, etcCoding skills a plus (Java, C++, and shell scripts).  Excellent communication skills (written and oral).  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
Who are you?You are ambitious, driven, and proactiveYou have an open mind, and are passionate about technology and the potential it has for businessesYou embrace change and work quicklyYou enjoy forming and maintaining relationshipsYou are creative and scrappy, and arent afraid to think outside the boxRequirements 4+ years of successful sales experience.  Proven track record of meeting and exceeding revenue goals.  Excellent communication skills, including written communications.  Strong presentation & negotiation skills.  Ability to close i.
 Experience around multiple versions of SQL Server.  Strong experience with DB.  Experience on DB migration to cloud and performance optimization.  Ability to optimize and update/rewrite stored procedures, SSIS and SSRS packages.  Strong experience in migration of SSIS/SSRS packages, Stored Procedures, TSQL and integration services from SQL Server 2008 to SQL Server 2016 in the recent past.  Ability to make an immediate impact.
 Operating as a tech startup within a Fortune 100 company, we are leading a digital disruption that will redefine how people experience insurance.  Bachelors or Master's degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience.  Minimum 5+ years of Python, Java, or other OOP language experience.  Data science & statistics experience.  Experience leveraging ProgR, language and developing machine learning models.  Knowledge of SDLC & CI/CD process and tools, testing frameworks, and practices.  Familiarity with infrastructure operations and incident/problem management.  Knowledge of development and delivering cloud technologies.  Strong oral and written communication, presentation, and collaboration skills required.  Ability to prioritize and adapt required.  Must be proactive, demonstrate initiative, and be a logical thinker.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Financial, or Business Fields.  5+ years financial analyst / sales operations experience.  5+ Years project leadership and cross functional experience.  Strong mathmatical skills.  In depth familiarity with Excel.  Ability to meet deadlines.  Ability to interact well with technical and non-technical people and serve as a bridge to translate complex requirements and concepts.  Experience working with and influencing cross-functional teams without formal authority.  Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple simultaneous projects in a changing and fast paced environment.  Excellent facilitation, interviewing, and presentation skills.  Excellent written and verbal communications skills.  Experience:.  Strong technical background with experience in communications, telephony, hosted-solutions, or contact center related fields.  Experience.  Experience.  Database administration experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  NICE inContact provides the worlds #1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
 Bachelors Degree in Business Information Systems, Marketing, Communications or similar field or equivalent work experience required.  15 + years sales experience.  Previous experience selling multimillion-dollar software deals.  Previous experience in telecom, call center, software or hardware industries.  Experience:.  Sales Engineering experience.  Telecomm sales experience.  SaaS experience.  ABOUT NICE inContact: NICE inContact makes it easy and affordable for organizations around the globe to provide exceptional customer experiences while meeting key business metrics.  1 cloud customer experience platform, NICE inContact CXone?? combining best-in-class Omnichannel Routing, Workforce Optimization, Analytics, Automation and Artificial Intelligence on an Open Cloud Foundation.
Our daily schedule will consist of 3 virtual instructional learning blocks: Morning Welcome Session - As a group, we will discuss the days work and explore mindfulness activitiesMath Courses - Based upon grade-level proficiency, students will be provided additional support or exposure to advanced mathematics concepts to improve their skills. Reports To: Program DirectorProgram Location:  Online Program (Virtual Classrooms)Date Needed:  This is a 7-week Commitment; Program Starts: June 22, 2020; Program Ends: August 07, 2020Hours Per Week:  Approximately 2 hours per day; 8 hours per weekCompensation:  Compensation dependent upon experienceDress Code:  Business CasualPosition Overview: Work Commitment: 7 Weeks (starting June 22nd - ending August 07th, Monday - Friday)Weeks 1-2Training/Program Participation (9am -12pm; 1-3 hrs per day; will vary; schedule is flexible)Will shadow and assist in an online workshop lead by MIT Media Lab (and STEAM Ahead)Weeks 3-4Will teach an intro scratch programming course to a group of beginner middle school students (1-hour per day)20-25 studentsTA will be providedWeek 5Will teach MIT Media Lab Introduction to Artificial Intelligence Curriculum (1.  Experience:teaching: 1 year (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Language:English (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Full Time Opportunity:YesWork Location:Fully RemoteHours per week:Less than 10Typical start time:11AMTypical end time:12PMThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousPeople-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projectsDetail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger pictureThis Job Is:A good fit for applicants with gaps in their resume, or who have been out of the workforce for the past 6 months or moreA good job for someone just entering the workforce or returning to the workforce with limited experience and educationA job for which all ages, including older job seekers, are encouraged to applySchedule:Monday to FridayNo weekendsDay shiftCompany's website:www.
Responsibilities: FPGA design and developmentSelect FPGA parts (includes power analysis and package selection)Produce FPGA architectureProduce FPGA design documentation (FPGA Design Document, Software Interface Document, Verification Documents)Unit-level and chip-level design and verification (design and testbench code, perform chip-level and unit-level verification)Support system integration and verificationPlan the development work (work breakdown, schedule, tools, equipment, tasks)Lead the FPGA development work of small team of engineersRequired Skills: .  Ability to produce FPGA architecture and design documentation based on system-level specificationsFPGA design and developmentVHDL or VerilogDevelopment tools (Vivado - Xilinx or Quartus - Intel; digital simulators)Design constraints, performance analysis and optimization techniques (timing, area)On-chip instrumentation (ChipScope, Signal Tap)Using the embedded DSP and memory resourcesDesirable Skills: .  Familiarity with AI and implementation in FPGAEmbedded Processing Systems based on the SOC devices from Xilinx and IntelImage processing implementation in FPGASignal encoding techniquesImage / video / data compressionGeospatial processingMulti-gigabit transceivers (serdes)System Verilog (UVM)Digital filtersHigh-Level Synthesis (HLS)Connectivity - Ethernet, TCP/IP, I2C, SPI, CSI, DSI, PCIe, UART, AXI, CSI, DSIMemory - DRAM, FlashStorage devices - SSD (NVMe)Education: BS in EE or CE is required.  MS is desirable. Salary is generous and commiserate with experience.  Experience:FPGA: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Location:Chicago, IL 60606 (Required)Language:English (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:One locationVisa Sponsorship Potentially Available:No: Not providing sponsorship for this jobThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingAggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureCompany's website:www.
It is an exciting time to be building experiences and devices at Microsoft.  Experiences and Devices Office of Applied Research, your core mission will be to deliver research that fundamentally impacts Microsofts products and services.  At least two years of experience in a research leadership position.  Expertise in developing or applying predictive analytics, statistical modeling, data mining, or machine learning, especially at scale.  Excellent problem solving and data analysis skills.  Strong software design and development skills/experience.  Strong collaboration skills, both within-team and cross-team.
 Bachelor's Degree in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) discipline from an accredited university and 9 years of STEM related engineering experience, or a Master's Degree in a STEM discipline and 7 years of experience, or 4 years of experience with a PhD.  Proven experience conducting research in and developing artificial intelligence (AI) and/or machine learning (ML) software (demonstrated by Kaggle, competitions, open source contributions, academic papers, etc).  Experience using DevOps Tools like Docker/Kubernetes.  Familiarity with state of art data cleansing, model training and generation using one or more of the following: RF, IR, hyperspectral sensor modalities.  Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to deploy machine learning algorithms to prototype testing and production.  Government DoD Top Secret Clearance with experience working on Special Access Programs.
A MS in CS focused on Machine Learning, Statistics, Operational research or in a highly quantitative field5+ years of hands-on experience in big data, machine learning and predictive modeling5+ year people management and cross department functional experience.  Knowledge of a statistical analysis package such as ProgR, Tableau, and high-level programming language (E.  Strongly motivated by entrepreneurial projects and experienced in collaboratively working with a diverse team of engineers, analysts, and business management in achieving superior bottom line results.  Strong communication and data presentation skills.  Strong ability in problem solving and driving for results.  Deliver key goals to enhance advertiser experience and deliver 2-3x improvements to campaign performanceUse deep learning and statistical techniques to create new, scalable solutions for conversion predictionDrive core business analytics and data science explorations to inform key business decisions and algorithm roadmapEstablish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data ingestion, transformation, experimentation, and productionHire and develop top talent in machine learning, data science, and software engineering and accelerate the pace of innovation in the groupBuild a culture of innovation and long-term thinking, and showcase this via peer-reviewed publications and whitepapers.  Technical leader with 12+ years of exceptional, hands-on experience in machine learning in e-commerce, fraud/risk assessment, or an enterprise software company building and providing analytics or risk management services and software.  degree in in Statistics, CS, Machine Learning, Operations Research or in a highly quantitative field.  Knowledge of distributed computing and experience with advanced machine learning libraries like Spark MLLib, Tensorflow, MxNet, etc.  Strong publication record in international conferences on machine learning and artificial intelligence.  Experience working with advertising, retail, or e-commerce data.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Data Science, MIS, or other similar fields.  3+ years experience as a manager of a data/systems focused team.  Experience with business analysis, business process improvement, and project managing complex enterprise projects.  Ability to communicate complex details to both business and technical audiences.  Experience with Apex/Visualforce, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, etc.  Experience in B2B SaaS environment, preferably enterprise software, is a plus.
 BS degree or higher in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Math, Physics or a related technical field is required plus 12 or more years related experience. MS or PhD degree is preferred.  Masters Degree or Ph. , may substitute for two years of related experience.  Related technical experience may be considered in lieu of education.  Strong mission data processing experience in OPIR and/or Space Situational Awareness (SSA) / Space Control.  Expertise in processing Remote Sensing or SSA raw data through actionable products.  Strong algorithm development expertise in Track Processing and/or Image ProcessingUnderstanding and/or experience with embedded systemsUnderstanding and/or experience with phenomenologySignificant experience with Matlab, Python, or C++ desired.  Experience with GPU, FPGA, and/or cluster processing implementations desiredWork in Deep Learning / Artificial Intelligence is a plus.  Ability to operate at the system level and interface to all engineering disciplines.  Strong written communication skills, oral presentation skills and an ability to lead group discussions.  Ability to obtain a security clearance required.
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Computer Science or related technical field.  You are innovative, courageous, positive, and are itching to explore your own full potential in creativity, technology, and experiences.  Proven track record of taking ownership and successfully delivering results in a fast-paced, dynamic environment7+ years of customer-facing product development and product management experience, including defining, launching, and optimizing product and services.  Experience designing and driving customer outreach programs in a systematic manner.  Experience leading cross-functional teams to deliver products and online services on tight deadlines.  Experience coordinating complex product development cycles and software/hardware development schedulesMarketing experience is a plus.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodicallyProficient writer and communicator.  Experience with developing business partnership.  Experience with learning management systems (LMS) or other similar learning environment a huge plus.  Knowledge of agile product development and life-cycle management process.  Masters degree.
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?쁬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  Experience Required: Qualifications:.  10+ years of experience in product, corporate strategy or technical marketing, partner channel development, business development in the IT industry.  BA/BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills.  Proven track record and experience in technical sales and programs strategy and execution.  Proven management experience in leading, developing and motivating team members.
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?쁬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  Experience and passion for learning (technical and soft skills); implementing practices from others; trying, failing and learning from that; sharing practices and knowledge for others benefit.  Ability to solve complex challenges for customers and have a high ability to solve internal and external barriers understanding internal and external organizational structures, dynamics and tradeoffs.  Digital Transformation: 5+ Years of experience and an extensive track record of large deal closing and experience selling platform and enterprise solutions to large/global enterprise customers with a focus on Data & Analytics platform technologies presented to the CTO\CIO or equivalent executives.  Consultative Technical Selling: 3+ Years of validated experience in consultative technical selling approach, including bringing innovative ideas to customers problems and being customer focused.  Experience and expertise selling to senior business decision makers by aligning & reinforcing the value of the solution to the customers overall business pain and/or strategic opportunities and decision criteria.  Experience in influencing Senior Leadership teams to drive strategy and investments.  Strong relationship-building and negotiation skills.  Excellent Communicator: Able to distill widely variant feedback into root cause issues and provide actionable feedback to other stakeholders, deep technical product demo, presenting, writing, and verbal communication skills required.  AI Solutions: High-level expertise in sophisticated cloud solutions that include knowledge mining, Machine Learning, Cognitive services and understanding of identity, authentication, security, privacy, and compliance requirements, and experience integrating them into cloud and hybrid solutions.  Technical breadth: Enterprise customer level experience with Cloud technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Data Landscape, Architecture Designs, Open Source Technologies, Industry Standards and demonstrated ability to integrate new technologies on prem as well as on the cloud.  Experience developing strategies, execution plans and reporting to achieve business goals through multiple channels and competing to take market share.  Masters in Technical fields or relevant job experience all accepted.  Certifications: Azure Fundamentals, Data Engineer or Azure AI Engineer preferred.
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?쁬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  Experiences.  6+ years of work experience in data analysis, database management, reporting and analysis, or other related field.  Excellent SQL knowledge, Power BI.  Understanding of Partner Network and MS Sales a plus.  Ability to quickly grasp complex data models, understand, and communicate how they impact the business/marketing.  Must be highly experienced and comfortable working in Excel, including PivotTables and Excel data models, DAX a plus!.  BA/BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?쁬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  We are seeking an individual with thought leadership, outstanding organizational skills and agility, excellent communication skills (verbal and written), strong problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex projects, the ability to partner effectively with senior management in critical decision making and the proven capability to work on several diverse projects at the same time.  Experience Required: Qualifications:.  10+ years of experience in product, corporate strategy or technical marketing, partner channel development, business development in the IT industry.  BA/BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills.  Proven track record and experience in technical sales and programs strategy and execution.  Proven management experience in leading, developing and motivating team members.
 The colleges 1,700 undergraduate and graduate students study across 60-plus degree programs that deliver highly-engaged and personalized academic experiences that prepare them to lead in the field of education.  Experience.  At least 5 years of experience managing academic programs (academic affairs).  At least 2 years of experience managing or administering online/distance learning programs.  Departmental Required Skills.  Experience with managing enrollment and financial aspects of academic programs.  Excellent organizational and communication skills, willingness to take initiative, and ability to work with a team toward a common goal.  Excellent time-management skills and ability to meet deadlines.  Ability to present at state and/or national conferences about industry partners, community colleges, etc.  Must be meticulous, self-directed, conscientious, a good listener, and a quick learner.  Experience, Skills, Training/Education.  Evidence of sound financial management and responsibility for operating budgets.  Strong organizational, presentation, and writing skills.  Proven ability to effectively communicate with varied audiences, specifically including industry partners, community colleges, etc.  Ability to develop and sustain a work environment that fosters continuous growth and great working relationships.
 Must possess leadership skills, excellent problem solving skills, confident communication skills, ability to lead internal teams to effective resolution of issues, while maintaining client confidence in Afiniti through effective notifications.  Above average skills in relational database management systems and ability to use SQL.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent teamwork skills.  Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without formal authority.  2-4 years of experience in a help desk / technical Support environment.  Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline.  As well as a competitive base salary dependent on the number of years of experience, we also offer generous stock options, an annual discretionary bonus plus Corporate benefits.
 Collaborate with Task 2 Experiments Lead to create workflows enabling seamless transition of ML models, proven in experiments, to the incubation and scaling to production phase.  Required Skills / .  Experience:.  Machine learning or relevant years of experience or expertise.  Experience in AWS, Azure or other Cloud Service provider.  Experience with DevOps.  Experience working in the Agile Software Development and Testing framework.  Desirable Skills / .  Experience:.  Experience with CI/CD pipeline.  Experience with DevSecOps methods in support of continuous development, continuous integration environments.
 The Challenge: Are you looking for an opportunity to make a difference in the government space? Do you enjoy being both a project manager and a technical enthusiast at heart? What if you could find a position that is tailor-made for your mix of development, engineering, and communication skills? That's why we need you, a proven leader, to help us shorten the time it takes to get critical tools developed and into the hands of warfighters who need them and to quickly provide assistance and aid to the people who need it.  Strong customer intimacy skills.  Knowledge of current IT solutions such as AWS, Google, Containerization, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, etc.  Knowledge of infrastructure configuration practices and software engineering best practices.  Knowledge or experience in implementing DevOps.  SAFe or Agile experience/certification.  Expert representational, oral, and written communication skills, including the ability to produce clear, logical, and concise products;.  Prefer 12+ years with BS/BA or equivalent with at least 4 years of management-level responsibility.  Systems Engineering experience on large complex systems.  Acquisition experience on small to large systems.  Understanding and experience implementing a CI/CD pipeline.
 Degree in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Physics or a related field.  Strong leadership skills suitable for recruiting, leading and managing highly diverse teams of engineers to develop high-performance camera systems.  Strong understanding of core camera design principles, including optics, image sensors, image signal processing, and embedded software.  Experience working with contract engineering and contract manufacturing partners, including those overseas.  Ability to collaborate with other teams and leaders to help entire organization row in the same direction.  Experience developing highly complex embedded hardware systems in robotics, transportation, aerospace, consumer electronics, defense, medical, energy, or similar industries.  Desired experience in Python and/or Matlab.  Desired experience with automotive development processes and considerations (APQP, DFMEA, Functional Safety, etc).  Excellent presentation and communication skills, with demonstrated ability to work with cross-functional teams to drive decisions.  Ability to write concise, clear, and detailed engineering documentation.
 We are looking for an expert with experience in:.  Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or other related field, training or equivalent work experience.  10+ years full lifecycle program/product management experience.  Experience using multiple development approaches (Agile, Kanban ideal).  Excellent written, verbal presentation and organizational skills, ability to interface with all levels within the organization.  Preferred Skills:.  Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field.  Strong business acumen supporting business operations in technology companies and/or retail.  Strong solution analysis experience in a global environment with distributed teams.
 Taoglas has proven expertise globally across the transportation, connected healthcare, smart cities and smart building industries. COMPETENCIES: Outgoing, personable team playerCustomer / Client FocusTime ManagementCollaboration SkillsInitiativeTechnical CapacityDecision MakingCommunication .  Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Management or related field or equivalent experienceMinimum 5 years of commercial experiencePHYSICAL DEMANDS: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit.  Experience:Marketing: 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work Location:One locationThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focusedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureStable -- traditional, stable, strong processesCompany's website:www.
 To capitalize on the opportunities in MSUS, we need a holistic ecosystem approach to ?쁬ake the AI market with Microsoft as the indisputable leader.  Do you want to be part an organization that will be a game changer for how we make the AI Market and build upon our mission of Sustainability and investments to support Carbon Negative Pledge by 2030? Do you like to be in an environment of building something new, creating and incubating new opportunities and connecting across the entire MSUS and WW teams? This organization is looking for strategic, passionate and driven individuals who understand AI, the value of ecosystem and the opportunity for collaboration to make new markets.  We are seeking an individual with thought leadership, outstanding organizational skills and agility, excellent communication skills (verbal and written), strong problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex projects, the ability to partner effectively with senior management in critical decision making and the proven capability to work on several diverse projects at the same time.  We are seeking an individual with thought leadership, outstanding organizational skills and agility, excellent communication skills (verbal and written), strong problem solving skills, demonstrated success in driving complex projects, the ability to partner effectively with senior management in critical decision making and the proven capability to work on several diverse projects at the same time.  Experience Required: Qualifications:.  10+ years of experience in product, corporate strategy or technical marketing, partner channel development, business development in the IT industry.  BA/BS or equivalent work experience.  Proven ability to create clarity, generate energy and deliver success.  Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills.  Proven track record and experience in technical sales and programs strategy and execution.  Proven management experience in leading, developing and motivating team members.
 Bachelors degree in systems engineering, a related specialized area or field is required (or equivalent experience) plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years of relevant experience.  Agile experience preferred.  The X-Lab has a need to augment the team with a senior systems engineer and analysis lead that holds at least a Secret clearance with a TS/SCI being preferable and possesses demonstrable skills in the following areas:.  The Lead Analyst must have [12+] years of experience leading or contributing to an integrated team environment with other systems, software, and specialty engineers to develop solutions that includes a background in all aspects of the analysis life cycle.  The Lead Analyst should have experience with identification of analysis objectives, metric generation, data assessment, and presentation of the results.  The Lead Analyst should have demonstrated the ability to communicate effectively, developed and scripted analysis tools, clearly present technical approaches and findings, and have experience in writing and implementing analysis plans within a project.  Ideally, the Lead Analyst will have experience in working on IRAD-type projects.  Ability to extract data to support analysis.  Operating systems experience with Windows & Unix/Linux.  Familiarity with Link-16, including content, transmission rules, etcCoding skills a plus (Java, C++, and shell scripts).  Excellent communication skills (written and oral).  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
QualificationsBachelor's Degree or equivalent education/experienceComprehensive understanding of the landscape and new developments in new media, tech, and entertainment industry in US. );Rapid learning and adaptability, good at communication;Passion about the live broadcast industry, intends to develop in the industry, and has priority in working experience related to live broadcast platforms;Skilled use of Office, can use Word, Excel, PPT for operational analysis and reporting. Free medical, dental, and vision insuranceHousing benefits if living within 5 kilometers from the companyDaily lunches upon attendance and fully stocked kitchenFree gym membershipAutonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing companyWecompensate competitively, commensurate with experience.
About This RoleBIGO LIVE is looking for an experienced Marketing and Public Relations Manager to manage our marketing efforts to our enthusiastic audiences with predominant focus on our broadcasters and users communities.  The successful candidate has experience in developing and executing high-profile marketing and communication initiatives and brings deep knowledge in PR across advertising,product and policy initiatives.  The candidate will also have experience dealing with high-profile individuals and top-tier press and influencers.  Experience managing both strategy and implementation of social channels.  Experience working with consumer/media/tech/gaming brands with diverse global audiencesYou exhibit a passion for insights and data, with experience translating these into hyper targeted campaigns.  Experience using data and metricsto measure impact and determine improvements.  Excellent written (ie, storytelling, messaging, brand guidelines copy) and verbal skillsBenefits:Competitive pay package that includes a base salary and performance-related bonus. Free medical, dental, and vision insuranceHousing benefits if living within 5 kilometers from the companyDaily lunches upon attendance and fully stocked kitchenFree gym membershipAutonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing companyWecompensate competitively, commensurate with experience.  Experience:Marketing: 2 years (Required)Location:Los Angeles, CA (Required)Work authorization:United States (Preferred)Work Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
Our goal at Pittsburgh AI Works is to Elevate the human experience through the use of innovative artificial intelligence.  Consultative Business Process experience.  Candidate shall be experienced in all facets of strategy, solution design, product development and business growth through innovation.  This senior role exercises your technical eminence, management knowledge and experience with complex solution development.  Masters or PhD degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering, Math, or related discipline with 20+ years of relevant industry experience.  5+ years of multiple leadership experiences in leading data science (artificial intelligence and machine learning) teams on a variety of business impacting areas that enabled innovation and business outcomes.  Expert in data analytic/statistical/mathematical methodologies.  Proven business experience (10+ years) with data science (AI/ML) tools, including expert level skills in SPSS Modeler, SAS Enterprise Miner, or similar tools.  Additional Skills.  Ability to work independently and thrive under ambiguous circumstances.  Ability to work under deadlines and with multiple competing priorities.  Ability to adapt to changing work environments, work priorities and organizational needs.  Strong collaboration skills, clear team player, enthusiastic, and can-do attitude.
 Education, skills and experience required.  Significant experience working in pharmaceuticals R&D or related scientific industry.  Demonstrable experience working as a data management or data leadership position.  We need you to be an experienced influencer, with expert relationship and business partnering skills up to senior leadership level.  Experience in and knowledge of medical research in at least one of the R&D therapy areas.  Knowledge of data management and data-privacy and legal obligations associated to data sharing.
 Delivers consulting projects from the proposal stage through invoicing with support from the managers and staffConducts assignments in the relevant field of practice and ensures client satisfactionDevelops working relationships with client contacts, building and growing lasting client relationshipsEnsures on-time and on-budget project delivery with a high-level of qualitySupports RFP responses or proposals, building market eminence and pursuing new client opportunitiesBuilds strong internal relationships with BDO and with other services across the FirmActs with professionalism and integrity when working with confidential and sensitive informationShares knowledge and experience with peers and less experienced staffMaintains a proactive and logical approach to information gathering, combining complex ideas and presents information clearly and effectively.  Experience:.  Eight (8) or more years of experience in client-facing consulting, offering data analytics and automation services, requiredData warehousing/business intelligence experience, preferredUiPath experience, preferred.  Experience in maintaining client relationships, preferred.  Experience in the following areas, preferred:.  License/Certifications:.  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with .  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Strong project management and client relationship management skills.  Ability to work with a high degree of professionalism and autonomy.  Excellent verbal and written communication skillsSolid organizational skills, especially the ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment, and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the Firm.  Ability to encourage a team environment on engagements, and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnelExecutive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.
 This position requires experience as a professional online and in-person instructor, excellent artificial intelligence (AI) knowledge and a shown understanding of the latest AI and accelerated computing trends and technologies.  You will also be an excellent teammate and a good communicator with proven presentation abilities, able to work and thrive in a dynamic environment.  This role presents an opportunity for an accomplished instructor with a capacity to learn quickly and exercise good judgment to gain in-depth experience driving growth in GPU-accelerated neural networks and machine learning training within the developer community.  Align Master Instructor (MI) and CI expertise with the Content Development team to help generate new content that is relevant, represents the direction of NVIDIA and keeps DLI at the forefront of AI.  6+ years of AI experience.  BS CSE, CS or EE degree , Master's degree preferred.  Professional experience delivering technical training both online and in-person.  Python or C / C++ programming experience.  Familiarity with GPU technology and CUDA programming.  Knowledge of OpenMP, MPI and other parallel programming languages is desirable.  Experience using PyTorch, TensorFlow, Caffe2 or other Deep Learning Frameworks.  Ability to communicate effectively with customers.  Ability to multitask optimally in an energizing environment.
 You will maintain a general understanding of IMSs various business lines, of our clients businesses and of the financial services industry.  BA / BS degree.  5 ??8 years of experience with APIs, Web Services, and/or Developer Portals.  Strong working knowledge and/or passion for API management programs and software.  Experience a plus.
 We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.  Build & lead the global team of BMS Sourcing Specialists involved in various initiatives and campaigns across the globe.  Own and excel in the ongoing Talent Pipeline Relationship Management responsibility by engaging high-quality passive talent to assess their drivers (timing, location, career aspirations) and fit for current or future positions at BMS.  Develop and implement strategies and programs that will result in a dynamic and superior candidate experience and candidate satisfaction.  10 years sourcing/recruiting leadership experience; 5 years' experience within a Pharmaceutical/Biotech environment with emphasis on scientific/technical area strongly preferred.  Expert level knowledge in candidate attraction and relationship building.  Expert level of knowledge of full life-cycle recruiting components including, but not limited to, sourcing, screening, and networking.  Experienced people manager with the ability to manage a team of professionals, maintaining engagement, development and delivery of all accountabilities.  Expertise and peers in People Services to deliver the high quality talent for the company.  Strong understanding of technology and experience using talent acquisition systems, including Applicant Tracking, Candidate Relationship Management, social media, and other predictive tools.  Bachelor's Degree and 7 -10 years relevant experience.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, strong analytical, problem-solving, interpersonal, planning, organizational, and project management skills.
 Position Requirements: (Years of experience, certifications, software skills, etc.  Bachelors Degree in a related business or technical discipline.  Scrum Master or SAFe짰 certification.  Minimum ten (10) years of related programmatic and technical experience, including supervisory experience.  Demonstrates experience managing all phases of Agile software life cycle projects to include staff, schedule and cost.  Ability to obtain Secret clearance.  Must be US Citizen.  Nice to have: (Skills that are nice to see on resume but not required).  Experience with Mobile Apps development for iOS and Android using technologies such as Xamarin, AngularJS, AWS Amplify or similar.  Experience with Cloud Web Apps using technologies such as AWS and Azure, .  Experience managing project with containerized applications using Docker, Red Hat Linux and/or Kubernetes.  To be considered for this position, please apply online with a cover letter and MS Word resume.
 Udacity is looking for an experienced marketing leader to oversee its brand strategy and marketing efforts.  7+ years' experience in a senior brand marketing role with fast-paced brand.  At least five years of that experience should be working in-house (i.  Experience with collecting market data and other external information to deliver a structured and actionable marketing strategy.  Experience doing so within limited budgets and tight timelines.  Previous strategy or brand strategy experience in management consulting or CPG firms.  To ensure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 8+ years experience building and/or coaching highly productive sales teams in the B2B software / SaaS space, preferably at multiple companies.  Sales experience is a plus.  Strong presentation skills.  Ability to own the room confidently and hold people's attention.  Ability to motivate and influence people who do not report directly to you.  Ability to collaborate well with people across different functions, geographies, and levels.  Experience in coaching and mentoring people.  Ability to bring out the best in others, and help them learn, grow, and succeed.  Global experience and perspective are a plus.  Ability to act as a change agent to champion change and innovation, someone who embraces change as we are constantly evolving and improving how we sell.  Bachelor's Degree in Business, Communications, or Education or related field, or equivalent relevant experience preferred.
Are you a motivated sales person with experience selling reliability service contracts or industrial software solutions? If so, we are seeking a motivated Account Manager to help us launch our new service model within our monitoring and controls group to support the Southeast Region.  Experience: 5+ years of experience in selling contracts for reliability services or industrial software solutions. Other Skills/.  Knowledge:쨌 EAM/CMMS Software쨌 Industrial Automation Software쨌 Condition Monitoring Software쨌 Maintenance & Reliability Best Practices쨌 Wireless Sensors쨌 IoT & Cloud Computing쨌 Machine Learning / Artificial IntelligenceInterpersonal and communication skills.  Excellent listening and negotiating skills.  Ability to deliver technical trainingEntrepreneurial .  Knowledge of industry standardsJob Type: Full-timePay: $0.  Experience:sales: 4 years (Preferred)Work Location:Fully RemoteBenefits:Health insuranceDental insuranceVision insuranceRetirement planPaid time offParental leaveRelocation assistanceProfessional development assistanceTuition reimbursementOtherPaid Training:YesManagement:Key LeaderSchedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Bachelor's degree.  Experience in Customer Success ideally with a SaaS product (or similarly complex product).  Experience with Salesforce and demonstrated technical aptitude with Salesforce.  Experience in direct customer-facing positions.  Excellent written, verbal, and oral communication with experience making presentations to major stakeholder.  Litify is led by an experienced executive team, including one of the world's most influential and successful lawyers, well-known VC's, and software visionaries.
 Managing senior customer stakeholders with decades of experience in their field,.  Experience bringing artificial intelligence, machine learning, or computer vision products to market (preferred),.  At least 8 years of experience in product management or product design.  Are self-directed and can prioritise experiences that will provide the most immediate value for the customer,.
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to work extra hours if needed.  Ability to quickly learn new technologies.  Strong communication skillsPrevious experience with US Based Senior LeadershipEducation: .  Bachelors Degree or similar experience5 + years of Database Administration experience in SQL Server, MySQL, Mongo or PostgreSQL5 + .  Experience with Windows Server environments, including 2008, 2012 and 20163 + .  Experience with Linux and troubleshooting Skills.  Experience with Database High Availability Technologies, Powershell or Scripting languages.  Strong documentation, oral and written communication skills.
 Bachelors degree or higher in Computer Science, Engineering or related field7+ years professional experience in commercial or web-scale system software development and delivery3+ years of experience building, leading, managing and mentoring high-performance engineering teamsUnderstanding of a modern programming language such as C, C++, Java, or Python.  Experience designing, building and delivering high quality software on time.  As a Software Development Manager, you will lead a team designing and building transformative new customers experiences on Amazon FSx for Lustre.  Exposure to any of the following:.  Ability to collaborate with a talented, diverse team.
 By decoding customer needs, preferences, and behaviors, our clients can understand exactly what services, products, and experiences their consumers need.  Must have 7+ years of experience in Ab Initio Development.  Hands on experience in using Ab Initio graph development ??especially in areas of generic graphs designs/ building reusable transformation.  Hands on experience in performance tunings of Ab Initio graphs.  Experience in developing Ab Initio Plans will be a good have skills.  Strong technical experience in Design (Mapping specifications, HLD, LLD), Development (Coding, Unit testing) using Ab Initio.  Experience with Agile, Waterfall Project Methodologies.  Experience in Continuous flow (real time), Hadoop HDFS file system and Cloud Technologies will be plus.  Expertise in using Spark SQL with various data sources like JSON, Parquet and Key Value Pair.  Experience in creating tables, partitioning, bucketing, loading and aggregating data using Spark SQL/Scala.  Strong understanding of Data Modeling and defining conceptual logical and physical data models.  Proven track record of building deep sales/technical relationships with CXOs and practice building executives within highly strategic system integrators.  Experience in managing various client relationships to get consensus on solutions.
 Required Skills:.  Minimum 8 years of relevant experience in systems engineering and/or algorithm development.  Knowledge and experience of basic RF operations: Filtering, Pulse Compression, Calibration, and/or Antenna Array processing.  Knowledge of RF signal processing techniques, experience developing advanced mathematical algorithms, analytic techniques and computer simulations.  Strong written and oral communication skills.  Desired Skills:.  Experience in RF design, development, integration and test (system verification).  Experience in hardware and/or software development of embedded, real-time systems.  Experience in digital pre-distortion, advanced coding and modulation, and channel equalization schemes/techniques.  Experience in space-time adaptive processing.  Experience in system requirements development.  Experience in machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, convolutional neural networks.  Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Physics, Math, or related STEM discipline; advanced degrees preferred.
 Bachelors degree in related field with 15 years of experience or masters degree in related field with 10 years of experience or PhD with 8 years of experience; or an equivalent combination of education and or experience in a related field.  Experience with automated deployment, continuous integration, and release engineering tools.  Knowledge of software development, patterns, vulnerability assessment, and software testing methodologies.  Knowledge of cloud environments and how to implement cloud architectures.  Knowledge of data system management and data science techniques.  Experience adapting legacy systems to modern architectural environments.  Experience advocating and driving adoption of industry best practices.  Ability to communicate clearly and concisely to all levels and a flexible mindset to handle a quickly changing culture.  Must be a US Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a TS clearance.  Graduate degree in EE, CS, CE, Math, Physics, Physical Sciences or equivalent.  Software development experience in embedded microcontroller based systems.
TECHNOLOGY SERVICES GROUP (TSG) is the central infrastructure services group with a proven track record of innovating to help BNY Mellon and its customers have most reliable, nimble and cost-effective solutions in the financial services market place.  We are continuously improving and bridging the gap between cost, customer needs, and innovative tools to ensure the best possible experience.  Bachelor's degree in computer science engineering or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience is required.  Ten to twelve (10-12) years of experience in software development is required.  Experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus.  Five or more (5+) years of experience with relational databases such as Oracle, MSSQL and/or similar is preferred.  Knowledge and experience with GIT repository or similar is preferred.  Experience designing, deploying, and testing of enterprise level monitoring and application automation is a plus.  Experience or exposure to a DevOps role with a passion for stable, resilient and available platforms is a plus.
7+ years of enterprise IT experience, including database systems, tiered storage architectures, server, and desktop virtualization, data center operations, network security, etc. 5+ years of technical knowledge of Telecom industry applications, platforms, and data ecosystem5+ years management of technical customer-facing resourcesTechnical degree required (or equivalent work experience); Computer Science or Math background highly desired.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for a passionate, talented, and experienced Product Manager to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud. Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectively. 8+ years of experience working on successful technology products from ideation through launch.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technologies.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Sharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectivelyUnderstand customer needs and align them to a long-term product visionDeep understanding of mobile architecture, instrumentation, WebRTC technology, Codec and VDI designComprehensive understanding of networking and dependencies for real time media applications.  Experience in building cloud based service architectures for voice/video applications.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Experience in the contact center industry or B2B SaaS.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partnersYou possess best-in-the-industry expertise you can lend to the broader team in the form of technical guidance on several of these areas:Scalable, global backend service technologyWeb and desktop app frontend architecture with modern frameworksBig data analysis and analyticsReal-time media (audio and video) technology.
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  4+ years of Diversity & Inclusion experience or related experience in HR, Talent Management or Program Management.  Proven program management experience with the ability to effectively drive cross-functional projects with multiple partners.  Expert facilitation skills with experience developing and delivering locally-relevant diversity content.  Proven track record to work with all levels of management as a tactical and strategic partner, mentor and advisor.  Excellent communication skills; ability to influence and build trusting relationships.  Ability to interpret data and transform those insights into measurable strategies.  Prior experience working in a large, global organization a must.  Ability to follow assignments through to completion with a bias towards action.  Ability to travel.  Experienced || Regular || Human Resources || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 We are seeking a passionate and driven individual with solid Government program experience as a Risk Manager to execute all tasks needed to identify and mitigate program risks on TALOS.  Bachelors degree in Engineering, Science, or related technical discipline with.  5+ total years of related experience.  Experience in DIA is a plus).  Experience tracking tasks using PM tools (e.  Experience performing qualitative and quantitative analysis.  Ability to clearly communicate technical and business concepts in oral and written communications.  Experience fulfilling the DIA mission in support of the COCOMs.
 Help lesser experienced team members decompose problems into subparts (i.  Help lesser experienced team members decompose problems into subparts (i.  7+ years of front-end development experience.  Experience designing and implementing a layered application architecture that can be easily changed to accommodate evolving business requirements.  Experience designing and communicating external and internal architectural perspectives of well-encapsulated systems.  have experience in startup environments delivering high-quality solutions.  have experience using Feature or Release Toggles as a code branching strategy.  have experience identifying, selecting and extending 3rd party components (commercial or open-source) that provide operational leverage.  have experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment environments with an emphasis on a well-maintained testing pyramid.  Cloud Provider: AWS - EC2, ECS, Lambda, SQS, SNS, Kinesis, MSK, S3, Aurora, DynamoDB, KMS, CloudFront, CloudFormation, CodePipeline, etc.  Given the high caliber of talent, the cutting-edge cloud-based technology stack, and thoughtful and novel product and design approach, you'll find yourself learning and growing at a rate you've not likely experienced in your career.
Responsibilities:Manage supply and demand orders on our websiteEngage, build, and maintain relationships with our customers and partnersAccount managementMarket researchEmail MarketingRequirements:-Fluent in English-2+ years of experience in a similar role, startup experience is a plus-Bachelor's or Master's degree*Please noteThis is a 3 month part-time assignment 3 days a week, our team will be working remotely across several regions, we prefer candidates who are in similar time zones to New York.  Experience:email marketing campaigns: 2 years (Required)Customer service: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Work Remotely:Yes.
 With robust offerings aligned with market trends such as automation, cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and user experience (UX), the company has been recognized with several awards in the area of innovation.  Strong technical and business functional acumen in understanding of job specifications in business domain like IT, Functional, Professional, etc.   5 - 10 years experience in business development or combination of Business Development and Account Management.   5+ year experience in staffing, recruitment, or professional services sales is a must.   Previous experience cold calling.  Experience selling in the MSP model is highly preferred.  Must have a proven track record in achieving targeted sales results or quota.  Must be willing to travel.
 We are looking for a Director, Software Development with a wide range of knowledge and experience of producing software solutions within a dynamic environment across the development lifecycle.  The candidate should have experience of working within an agile development environment and be comfortable with working to deadlines and budget constraints.  Have exceptional analytical skills, able to apply knowledge and experience in decision-making to arrive at creative and commercial solutions.  Required Skills:.  10 years of professional experience, with overall at least 5 years of experience in full stack development.  Hands on full stack development experience.  Experience with AWS or Azure (both preferred).  Strong experience in Object Oriented Design principles.  Experience with modern UI frameworks including Angular.  Experience with multiple RDBMS platforms including Cloud-hosted solutions.  Experience managing teams consisting of both onshore and offshore resources.  Familiarity with Agile development concepts.  Ideally, experience with a commercial SaaS software development and modern DevOps CI/CD techniques.
 We are looking for a Database Development Lead with a wide range of knowledge and experience of producing software solutions within a dynamic environment across the development lifecycle.  The candidate should have experience of working within an agile development environment and be comfortable with working to deadlines and budget constraints.  Have exceptional analytical skills, able to apply knowledge and experience in decision-making to arrive at creative and commercial solutions.  Required Skills:.  10 years of professional experience, with overall at least 5 years of experience in database modeling, stored procedures, and SQL.  Must have experience with cloud-based RDBMS platforms (AWS RDS, Snowflake, Azure SQL, etc. ) Ideally will have experience with multiple RDBMS products.  Experience with both normalized transactional models and dimensional models for analytics and reporting.  Experience with query performance optimization and working with bulk load operations for large data sets.  Experience with AWS.  Experience with multiple RDBMS platforms including Cloud-hosted solutions.  Experience managing teams consisting of both onshore and offshore resources.  Ideally, experience with a commercial SaaS software development and modern DevOps CI/CD techniques.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Familiarity with compliance controls: STIGs (Security Technical Implementation Guides), RMF (Risk Management Framework), DFARS (Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement), NIST SP 800-171, Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC), CIS Controls.  Experience installing, configuring, and writing ansible playbooks for infrastructure as code (IaC) automation with production and development environments.  Experience with patching of Windows platforms Client 10 and Server 2012R2/2016 or newer.  Experience with patching of RedHat Linux/CentOS.  Experience managing virtual machine with VMware vSphere and related technologies.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Delivers consulting projects from the proposal stage through invoicing with support from the managers and staffConducts assignments in the relevant field of practice, and ensures client satisfactionDevelops working relationships with client contacts, building and growing lasting client relationshipsEnsures on-time and on-budget project delivery with a high-level of qualitySupports RFP responses or proposals, building market eminence and pursuing new client opportunitiesBuilds strong internal relationships with BDO and with other services across the FirmActs with professionalism and integrity when working with confidential and sensitive informationShares knowledge and experience with peers and less experienced staffMaintain a proactive and logical approach to information gathering, combining complex ideas and present information clearly and effectively.  Experience:.  Eight (8) or more years of experience in client-facing consulting, offering data analytics and automation services, requiredData warehousing/business intelligence experience, preferredUiPath experience, preferred.  Experience in maintaining client relationships, preferred.  Experience in the following areas, preferred:.  License/Certifications:.  Experience with SQL Server or similar databases, required.  Experience with .  Experience with other non-Microsoft development languages or tools, preferred.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Strong project management and client relationship management skills.  Ability to work with a high degree of professionalism and autonomy.  Excellent verbal and written communication skillsSolid organizational skills, especially the ability to meet project deadlines with a focus on details.  Ability to successfully multi-task while working independently or within a group environment.  Ability to work in a deadline-driven environment, and handle multiple projects simultaneously.  Ability to interact effectively with people at all organizational levels of the Firm.  Ability to encourage a team environment on engagements, and contribute to the professional development of assigned personnelExecutive presence, with the ability to act as primary contact on assigned engagements.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Strong background with deploying and maintaining Windows Client/Server environments.  Experience with implementing Windows security controls to maintain system compliance.  Experience with deploying and maintaining RedHat Linux/CentOS Client/Server environments.  Experience with implementing Linux security controls to maintain system compliance.  Familiarity with compliance controls: STIGs (Security Technical Implementation Guides), RMF (Risk Management Framework), DFARS (Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement), NIST SP 800-171, Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC), CIS Controls.  Experience installing, configuring, and writing ansible playbooks for infrastructure as code (IaC) automation with production and development environments.  Experience with patching of Windows platforms Client 10 and Server 2012R2/2016 or newer.  Experience with patching of RedHat Linux/CentOS.  Experience managing virtual machine with VMware vSphere and related technologies.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 6 years of relevant experience.  Hands-on experience developing, deploying and supporting large-scale enterprise server solutions.  Strong background with deploying and maintaining RedHat Linux/CentOS Client/Server environments.  Experience with implementing Linux security controls to maintain system compliance.  Experience with deploying and maintaining Windows Client/Server environment.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Familiarity with compliance controls: STIGs (Security Technical Implementation Guides), RMF (Risk Management Framework), DFARS (Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement), NIST SP 800-171, Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC), CIS Controls.  Experience installing, configuring, and writing ansible playbooks for infrastructure as code (IaC) automation with production and development environments.  Experience with patching of Windows platforms Client 10 and Server 2012R2/2016 or newer.  Experience with patching of RedHat Linux/CentOS.  Experience managing virtual machine with VMware vSphere and related technologies.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Takeda is looking for an experienced Head of Technology-Ethics with extensive digital transformation experience specific to health innovation support & validation.  Expertise.  Strong background in Technoethics: Digital Health, Artificial Intelligence (ML, NLP, MV), Extended Realities (AR, VR), DLTs (Blockchain), Health Robotics & Med Techs, 3D Printing.  Bachelors degree or relevant work experience.  Advanced degree in a related field is preferred.
 The AI/ML Program Technical Lead will direct a team of AI/ML Directors and AI/ML Distinguished Engineers to develop and deliver AI/ML solutions that fundamentally transform the digital experience for both our employees and our customers.  The ideal candidate will have the right attitude and an imaginative mind set, is creative, and has extensive experience with AI/ML solution delivery within industry.  Partners with various Product and Enterprise teams to optimize customer and user experiences. , Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or related quantitative/technical field) and at least 5 years of experience in AI/ML solution development and deployment.  Experience leading and supervising a highly technical group of AI/ML experts in an industry setting (banking/finance industry strongly preferred).  Experience with probability/statistical analyses and data modeling, e.  Experience with programming and software design fundamentals, e.  Experience developing a broad range of AI/ML algorithms, e.  Experience delivering and maintaining AI/ML solutions in production using Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) tools (e.  Experience with both relational and non-relational databases and data access methods, e. Extensive experience with Python programming environment or equivalent (e.  Experience in developing within cloud-based environments (e.  Experience delivering communications in a clear, concise, and compelling manner.
 Our 'vibe' is start-up, but we already have over 400 customers who are tracking medications using our proven solutions.  We are looking for an experienced and result-driven Digital Marketing Manager to join our awesome marketing team!.  We are expecting you to have experience and a passion for digital technologies and various digital marketing channels.  Our ideal candidate is someone with experience in marketing, art direction, and social media management.  Collaborate with internal teams such as Sales and Product Development to create landing pages and optimize user experience.  Qualifications and Skills.  Bachelors degree in marketing or a related field, masters degree preferred.  Proven working experience in digital marketing, particularly within the healthcare/med tech industry.  Highly creative with experience in identifying target audiences and devising digital campaigns that engage, inform, and motivate.  Experience developing and managing budgets.  Experience leading and managing SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media, and/or display advertising campaigns.  Experience in optimizing landing pages and user funnels.  Experience with A/B and multivariate experiments.  Experience in setting up and optimizing PPC campaigns on all major search engines.
 An experienced sales and business development person with ability to manage all aspects of the sales cycle independently as well as in close collaboration with Client key account managers. Your Day-to-day Work And ResponsibilitiesDevelop and execute winning sales and business development strategies in your regionPrepare proposals/quotes and present Client REP AI Machine LearningManage a large volume of enterprise deals and deal sizesBuild and maintain strong ties with all levels of an organizationProvide weekly status updates to managementWe expect you to haveBA/Bsc degree or equivalent work experience. At least 5 years experience in selling SaaS solutions to large enterprisesAt least 2 years experience in selling SaaS solutions into industrial sector related accounts.  Experience focused on Predictive Analytics / Data Science / AI Sales.  Proven track record of managing large volumes of sales and deal sizesYou will enjoy working here if youHave outstanding deal closing abilitiesAre an excellent communicator and creative thinker, with an ability to work in a challenging environmentHave the necessary skills to negotiate with peers and costumersAre highly motivated, self-driven and able to work independently and within a teamHave good relationship building and consultative skillsWe offerA job in an international environmentYou will be a part of a diverse workforce where you get to face exciting challenges and varied tasksAdditional InformationThis role includes extensive travelling (up to 30 % of the time).  Experience:AI Sales: 2 years (Required)SAAS solution: 5 years (Required)100% REMOTE JOB: 1 year (Preferred).
 The right candidate will be data- driven, strategic, analytical, results-oriented and a clear communicator with a background in product management or product marketing and/or strategy, ideally with consumer electronics experience. Qualifications Drive product marketing efforts byDrafting customer segmentation and adapting messaging framework for new product launchesResearching relevant market trends/opportunities and making recommendations for changes to product offerReviewing competitive offerings and make recommendations for competitive differentiationGathering qualitative and quantitative seller insights and funneling back to product marketingSupporting price testing, pricing research, pricing analytics, and eventual recommendationsActing as local quarterback for go-to-market effortsGathering and sharing product feedback from customers, inside and outside Sales, product/engineering and the full range of Turings cross-functional teamsSharing accountability for sales performance with Marketing for each productQuickly developing an understanding of customer profiles and use cases for the current in-market hardware productsGathering qualitative and quantitative product feedback and funneling back to product team to incorporate into the roadmapProviding feedback on products in development from the local market perspectivePartnering with POC project managers or beta managers to ensure products are tested by the right mix of candidate customers before launch, and that the product team understands qualitative and quantitative customer feedbackOffer creative problem solving and analytical reasoningBe a strong leader and hardware product champion in-marketYou have: 4-8 years of professional experienceA BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  Strong quantitative analytical ability.  Excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong organizational skills.  Demonstrated capacity to communicate complex, large-scale concepts clearly and simplyComfort leading initiatives in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environmentPrior experience in consulting or a strategy-related rolePrior experience in payments, technology, or hardware is a plusTuring Video is an equal opportunity employer (EOE).
 This is a commission based role of a social media sales position with the proven strategies to consistently close deals.  At least 3 years of experience in sales management or in a leadership role in the sales department.  Displays a proven track record of sales success.  Bachelors degree in business or related field.
 Bachelor's degree in engineering or a related field and 10-15 years of experience in medical device industry is required.  Hands-on experience developing regulatory processes, procedures and strategies, in accordance with FDA, EU/ISO, Canadian, Asia-Pacific and Latin American regulations.  Direct experience with medical devices incorporating artificial intelligence.
 2+ years of experience in or related to financial services and financial technology with demonstrated appreciation and aptitude for supporting complex projects within a business to business environment with sophisticated stakeholders.  Must be controls-minded; experience with a Risk, Compliance, Controls or Audit function a plus.  Experience navigating and mobilizing resources across a large organization.
 Bachelor's Degree with 5+ years or Master's+ with 3+ years of experience operating as an analytics professional (e.  Technical Skills.  Hands on experience delivering descriptive statistics, inference, and visualizations to communicate with partners and stakeholders.  Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, SparkML, etc.  Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL, Hive, etc.  Excellent analytical skills with a track record in defining customer strategies through the use of data.  Problem Solving & Leadership Skills.  Must have strong interpersonal skills and ability to deliver and defend your analytics insights under executive scrutiny.  Ability to work effectively and gain credibility and respect of others.  Preferred Skills.  Experience with Spark, Trifacta, HiveQL, Alteryx, and SAS.  Experience with Tableau or Qlik.
 As a part of our team, you will have the opportunity to contribute your knowledge and experience to improve and enhance the execution of projects related to artificial intelligence, object detection and recognition, tracking, activity recognition, anomaly detection, 3D reconstruction, image forensics, image enhancement, and several related areas.  Minimum of a Bachelor's (preferably in Computer Science or related field).  Highly organized with demonstrable experience working on multiple projects at once.  Strong communication skills (both written and verbal).  Experience with project management and related software.
You need to have strong technical skills in networking, SW installs and Linux system administration because you will install, configure and troubleshoot software installs in both Windows and Linux environments.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science and 4-years experienceIf non-degreed, then 8- years of direct experienceSkilled in Linux and Windows systems administrationExtensive knowledge of computer networking.  Familiarity with FMV or IP streaming tools and technologies such as UDP multicast, FFMPED, Graph Studio, VLC.  Experience with virtualized/containerized systems especially Docker.  Experience integrating COTS solutions into government networks.  Must have current or be able to obtain (within 90 days of start date) DOD IAT Level II certification.  Must be able to work closely with others as a team player and effectively communicate amongst peersPreferred Skills.  Experience with firewalls, routers and switches.  Experience with virtualization technologies.  Experience with Active Directory.  Experience Linux (preferably RHEL) administrationBasic understanding of various scripting languagesCOMPANY DESCRIPTION: BWM Outcomes, LLC (BWM) ??is a wholly owned, private company established in 2014 with a vision to deliver exceptional support solutions that are innovative, mission-focused and value added to government, law enforcement and business enterprises across a wide spectrum of Cyber Security and Intelligence activities.  Experience:Networking: 4 years (Required)Linux administration: 3 years (Required)Windows adminstration: 4 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)License:IAT Level II (Required)TS/SCI clearance (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesSchedule:Monday to FridayDay shift8 hour shiftCompany's website:www.
 You are a dynamic, data oriented HRIS professional with experience streamlining various human resources systems, reporting, data analytics, and HR business processes.  A Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, IT, business or related field.  5+ years of professional level HRIS, information technology or human resources experience.  Experience with a complex HRIS system, with Dayforce experience as an advantage.  Worked in ether a regulated environment or with ISO and SOC compliance ??audit experience and compliance experience.  Expertise in HRIS rollouts and understanding of stakeholders and moving parts.  Project Management experience.  Experience providing HR software to a medium to large employee population.  Experience working across various countries or jurisdictions for employment law purposes.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills as well as time-management, project/tasks prioritization skills.  Expertise in data entry methods & data audits.  Experience collaborating with others worldwide as part of a global team.
 Minimum five years of experience in Product Management role.  Minimum three years of experience shipping AI/ML or Analytics products.  Ability to communicate the logic, reason, and priority of each CUJ.  Ability to iterate on user stories and solutions efficiently and intelligently.  Ability to juggle multiple priorities and effectively deliver in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  Familiarity with Analytics, Big Data, and public Cloud technologies.  Strong project management capabilities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Strong work ethic and the utmost attention to detail.  Master's degree in Computer Science, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Data Science or related field.  Previous product management experience in Public Cloud area.
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience.  10+ years of experience in cyber security and/or technology controls.  Strong leadership skills with exceptional communication and presence.  Advanced knowledge of multiple IT control and project management practices, and experience working across large environments.  Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals.  Expertise in application and infrastructure high-availability and resiliency architectures with demonstrated experience in business.  Proficiency in information security domains, including policies and standards, risk and control assessments, access controls, regulatory compliance, technology resiliency, risk and control governance and metrics, incident management, secure systems development lifecycle, vulnerability management and data protection.  In depth experience managing cyber security and information risk within areas such as identity and access management, data protection, vulnerability management, and security operations.
 Engage in practice development initiatives focused on building employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise through coaching and development of training course material.  Expertise.  Masters in STEM related fields with knowledge in quantum computing.  5+ years of data engineering and data science experience.  2+ years of consulting experience within specific industries with strong domain expertise and business acumen.  Excellent ideation, facilitation and communications skills.  Must be willing to travel both domestically and globally up to 40% (Will be required once we return to a travel-safe normal).  Expertise.  Experience with linear programming and/or general mathematical programming.  Proficiency in Python with good knowledge of Jupyter, Tensor, Numpy.  Familiarity with Qiskit and quantum concepts and principles, able to model classical ML/DL algorithms within quantum principles.  Experience with some aspect of high-performance computing use within an industry context.  Experiences.
 Engage in practice development initiatives focused on building employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise through coaching and development of training course material.  Expertise.  Masters in STEM-related fields with knowledge in quantum computing.  5+ years of data engineering and data science experience.  2+ years of consulting experience within specific industries with strong domain expertise and business acumen.  Excellent ideation, facilitation and communications skills.  Must be willing to travel both domestically and globally up to 40% (Will be required once we return to a travel-safe normal).  Expertise.  Experience with linear programming and/or general mathematical programming.  Proficiency in Python with good knowledge of Jupyter, Tensor, Numpy.  Familiarity with Qiskit and quantum concepts and principles, able to model classical ML/DL algorithms within quantum principles.  Experience with some aspect of high-performance computing use within an industry context.  Experiences.
 Ability to slip between mathematical abstractions of problems and software.  Ability to create an architecture that lasts.  Experienced in software development life cycle - coding, debugging, optimization, testing, integration.  Strong system building skill & knowledge, a solid understanding of Operating System, Parallel Computing, Distributed System.  Experience with machine learning, deep learning or computer vision.
 Engage in practice development initiatives focused on building employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise through coaching and development of training course material.  Expertise.  Masters in STEM-related fields with knowledge in quantum computing.  5+ years of data engineering and data science experience.  2+ years of consulting experience within specific industries with strong domain expertise and business acumen.  Excellent ideation, facilitation and communications skills.  Must be willing to travel both domestically and globally up to 40% (Will be required once we return to a travel-safe normal).  Expertise.  2+ years of experience in at least one of the industries, with knowledge of industry trends, R&D areas, and computationally intensive processes (e.  Familiarity with Qiskit.  Experiences.
 5+ years of experience within digital/technical industry or role, with proven experience of bridging the experience of technical and non-technical stakeholders to deliver business initiatives.  Validate and derive business implications by synthesizing complex analytics-derived insights into easy to understand, actionable recommendations that business users can easily extract and execute on.  BA or BS required; MBA or other advanced degree preferred.  Experience.  Experience working within the software development or Internet industries is highly desired.  Experience of working with internal business stakeholders and/or external customers to shape high-impact data analytics projects.  Skills and .  Masters.  Experience.  This means harnessing the unique skills and experience that each individual brings and we do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state, or local protected class.
 Required Skills:.  Minimum of 8 years of experience in the field of engineering or related technical discipline.  Experience with developing, documenting, and maintaining processes, methods and tools.  Proven ability to develop technical solutions to complex issues.  Strong analytic, technical and problem solving skills.  Experience with MS Office Suite.  Desired Skills:.  Experience with Battle Management Command, Control.  Experience with system level requirements development, documentation and maintenance and/or requirements development and design of system level software architecture.  Experience with radar system concepts; detection, discrimination, track and signal processing algorithms and their behaviors and performance.  Experience with the development and coding of system models, algorithms, test vectors and analysis tools in support of analyzing radar requirements and performance.  Experience and interest in Information Assurance/Cyber Engineering requirements, determination, development, and implementation.  Experience working with Matlab, C/C++, Java, or DOORS.  Excellent communication, technical writing, oral presentation, and interpersonal skills.  Proven ability to interface with customers and lead technical solutions to complex user needs.  Strong analytic, technical and problem solving skills.  Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Science, Mathematics or related discipline.  What We Offer: Whether youre just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, Raytheon Technologies offers a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs.
Bachelor's Degree5+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Experience contributing to engineering discussions around technology decisions and strategy related to a productBachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field. 5+ years of customer focused product management experience. 3+ years of experience working on Internet-scale web services for consumer-customers, designing and implementing infrastructure and/or application management products and services.  Experience communicating technical concepts to a non-technical audience. Prior working experience in a Software Development Team.  Experience working with stakeholders across many functions.  Lead the development of the consumer-focused product strategy and vision supported by internal and external analysisDefine creative, high quality, simple product roadmaps based on team strategy and visionDevelop detailed, crisp business requirements and user stories that can be used to create product specifications and architecture for each product and applicationManage prioritization and trade-offs among customer experience, performance and operational support loadCreate buy-in for the product vision both internally and with key external partnersWork closely with engineering teams and program management to deliver products to marketDrive product launches including working with public relations team, executives, and other product management team membersProactively identify and resolve strategic issues that may impair the teams ability to meet strategic, financial, and technical goals.  Masters degree.  Experience working with systems built using machine learning/artificial intelligence techniques.  Experience delivering consumer software products and services in a high growth environment.  Experience working within a product team or similar environment.  Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated experience engaging and influencing senior executives.  Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, recommendations and drive actions. High attention to detail including precise and effective customer communications and proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically.  Ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.
 Experience, Physical Requirements:.  Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.  Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals.  Ability to conduct repetitive work.
 We are looking for a senior-level experienced leader, with a consistent record of attracting, hiring and retaining top talent.  Masters degree in an Engineering or Science field; additional informative experience in Data Science preferred.  At least 5-10 years of related experience in senior management positions with excellent knowledge in modeling and data analytics.  Experience in large semiconductor company in process technology, product technology, design, or systems level development.  Experience with data visualization techniques and concepts.  Expert knowledge of statistical programming languages such as ProgR, Python and SQL.  Experience crafting a Data Science Roadmap and executing the vision behind it.  Familiarity with common data modeling approaches and good understanding of how to deal with various datatypes, larger data sets and parallel computing problems.  Experience leading projects that span the fields of data science and data engineering using cluster computing environments such as Spark, Hadoop, other.  Preferred Skills:.  Strong analytical skills.  Excellent written and verbal English-language communication and presentation skills.  Proven track record to perform in an environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA).  Strong influencing skills and the ability to build strong interpersonal relationships.  Ability to assume high exposure responsibilities and interact with senior leadership.  Strong project management and organizational change skills and experience.  Ability to execute requests with strong attention to detail and strong time-management skills.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-JF1 || Tier 5 ||.
 Deep familiarity with DiscoverOrg and ability to dig into extensive excel files and append missing or duplicate data, streamline formatting and enforce consistent naming conventions across tools.  Ability to manage backend Wordpress data consensus of marketing webpages and provide strategic recommendations for clean and consistent data passage (download of new content, request a demo, etc.  Ability to pulls lead lists of prospects and/or clients directly from paid LinkedIn platform for further targeting reach across email and site.  Minimum of 2 years-experience in a Sales & Marketing Operations role supporting marketing strategies and sales plans that delivered strong business results.  Administrator experience in managing large data imports/exports via Salesforce or another CRM system.  BA/BS required.  Ability to build and maintain strong relationships, gaining trust and confidence as a strategic partner from all levels within the organization.  Excellent written, oral and presentation skills. 4B+ identities) with Artificial Intelligence to unlock consumer intent, personalize experiences and help our clients drive business growth.
 With a rapidly increasing demand for scientific computing tools and a new 6 petaflop supercomputer, INL is seeking a strategic thought leader with a passion for scientific computing and a proven record of growing applied computing programs.  Degree in science or engineering and 10 years relevant experience.  Demonstrated leadership experience.  Must be able to obtain and maintain a DOE Q security clearance.  Must be familiar with, and comply with all relevant health and safety requirements.  Must be knowledgeable of emergency action policies and procedures, methods for reporting/resolving work practices or conditions to available cognizant professionals.
 Takeda is looking for an experienced Head of Technology-Ethics with extensive digital transformation experience specific to health innovation support & validation.  Expertise.  Strong background in Technoethics: Digital Health, Artificial Intelligence (ML, NLP, MV), Extended Realities (AR, VR), DLTs (Blockchain), Health Robotics & Med Techs, 3D Printing.  Bachelors degree or relevant work experience (Advanced Degree preferred).  Experience in providing thought leadership.  Excellent demonstrated cross functional Relationship and Stakeholder Skills.  Ability to think logically to solve complex problems.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Pharma experience.
 The right candidate will be data- driven, strategic, analytical, results-oriented and a clear communicator with a background in product management or product marketing and/or strategy, ideally with consumer electronics experience. Qualifications Drive product marketing efforts byDrafting customer segmentation and adapting messaging framework for new product launchesResearching relevant market trends/opportunities and making recommendations for changes to product offerReviewing competitive offerings and make recommendations for competitive differentiationGathering qualitative and quantitative seller insights and funneling back to product marketingSupporting price testing, pricing research, pricing analytics, and eventual recommendationsActing as local quarterback for go-to-market effortsGathering and sharing product feedback from customers, inside and outside Sales, product/engineering and the full range of Turings cross-functional teamsSharing accountability for sales performance with Marketing for each productQuickly developing an understanding of customer profiles and use cases for the current in-market hardware productsGathering qualitative and quantitative product feedback and funneling back to product team to incorporate into the roadmapProviding feedback on products in development from the local market perspectivePartnering with POC project managers or beta managers to ensure products are tested by the right mix of candidate customers before launch, and that the product team understands qualitative and quantitative customer feedbackOffer creative problem solving and analytical reasoningBe a strong leader and hardware product champion in-marketYou have: 4-8 years of professional experienceA BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.  Strong quantitative analytical ability.  Excellent written and oral communication skills, and strong organizational skills.  Demonstrated capacity to communicate complex, large-scale concepts clearly and simplyComfort leading initiatives in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial, start-up environmentPrior experience in consulting or a strategy-related rolePrior experience in payments, technology, or hardware is a plusJob Location: Job type: San Mateo, CA   Full-timeStart Date: ImmediateJob Type: Full-timePay: $40.
 ALQIMI is considering candidates of various experience levels including Associate (4-8 years of experience) and Director (8+ years of experience).  The candidate must have a minimum of four years of experience and ALQIMI will consider candidates with more experience.  Must Have Qualifications/Requirements.  Minimum of four years experience in a prospect or customer facing role.  [1]The title the candidate will be designated with will be determined by the candidate's experience level.
 The most successful candidate will have lifecycle experience in machine learning, deep learning, and/or artificial intelligence within modern parallel environments, such as GPU-enabled platforms and distributed clusters.  Desirable experience includes using big data platforms for sources (e.  Ability to create proof of concept experiments for analytics, machine learning, or visualization tools that includes hypothesis, test plans, and outcome analysis.  Ability to create unsupervised and supervised models.  Exceptional programming skills in Python.  Experience with one of the deep learning frameworks, such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.  Experience with Snowflake, AWS, Hadoop, and/or Spark.  Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills.  Extracting data and delivering complete analytics and machine learning products primarily using Python; secondary experience with ProgR, Java, Javascript, C, C++, Scala, or Julia is an asset.  Experience receiving, converting, and cleansing big data.  Program, product, or project management experience delivering model and analytics results.  Strong background in Linux/Unix/CentOS/MacOS and Windows installation and administration.  Ability to read, write, speak and understand English.  Familiarity with APIs: Javascript API, Rest API or Data Extract APIs.  Familiarity with data workflow/data prep platforms, such as Alteryx, Pentaho, or KNIME.  Familiarity with DevOps/CI/CD/automation/configuration/orchestration management using Puppet, Chef, Ansible, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Airflow, or equivalents.  Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.  Knowledge of Agile, Scrum, and SAFe environments.  Experience delivering within these environment a plus.  Bachelor's degree in a data science, engineering discipline, computer science, statistics, applied math, or related field required.  Masters degree in a data science, engineering discipline, computer science, statistics, applied math, or related field preferred.  Experience.  3-5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, deep learning, recommendation systems, natural language processing, fraud detection or artificial intelligence.  3-5+ years of experience of lifecycle management in one or more of the following from idea to deployment: artificial intelligence, deep learning models, machine learning models, recommendation systems, natural language processing, or fraud detection.  3-5+ years of experience in data engineering position and/or software development.  Experience delivering multiple systems where candidate was responsible for designing the architecture, implementing, operating, supporting, and managing the release lifecycle from inception to end of life.  7-10+ years of hands-on working experience with Python, RDBMS, SQL, scripting, and coding.  Proven experience in translating insights into business recommendations.
 8 years of experience in a technology role.  3 years of technology leadership experience.  3 years of experience with Intelligent Process Automation (IPA), RPA, AI and DPR.  Proven leadership experience driving large technology projects.  Experience in people management.  Strong understanding of corporate strategy (and how technology supports and enables).  Experience establishing long-term, collaborative relationships at senior levels of an organization.  Experience developing cost benefit analysis around technology decisions.  Ability to organize and lead diverse groups toward common goals.
 Experience) delivery metrics.  The position requires the combination of advanced mathematical modeling expertise, telecommunications engineering expertise, and proven solution implementation management experience.  Skills/Abilities and .  Strong team player.  Must be self-motivated, results-driven, and able to work with minimum supervision.  Excellent analytical and problem solving skills, with attention to detail and data accuracy.  Strong interpersonal communication, verbal and written, relationship management, and customer service skills, with a focus on working effectively in a team environment.  Ability to perform involved and independent research and analysis.  Ability to maintain confidentiality and appropriately handle sensitive data.  Extensive skills and experience in telecommunications, cable, or utility industry.  Experience managing consultants and analytics tool vendors in concert with internal corporate resources for development of advanced analytics software solutions.  Proven track record of creating corporate competitive advantage through the conception, implementation, and operationalization of advanced analytics solutions.  Experience working with corporate executive management level to gain support of advanced analytics concepts and data establishment requirements.  MS or PhD in Computer Science, Operations Research, AI, Statistics, Economics, Quantitative Analysis or equivalent experience.  Experience / Number of Years.  Extensive experience in advanced operational analytics 10+ years.  Data manipulation and statistical modeling experience as a Data Scientist, Consultant, Architect, or Systems Engineer in large-scale data, transactional, and real-time networks and systems 10+ years.  Programming experience 8+ years.  Experience in OO languages such as VB, C++, Java and Scala.  Experience in conducting multivariate experiments such as A/B testing and hypothesis testing.  Experience managing large complex projects across multiple locations and management reporting relationships.  Experience in IT management processes and security required by IT production environments.
 Must be an expert on the latest Apache Stack technologies, as well as other analytics offerings and newest technologies.  Strong experience with distributed computing architectures, including Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark or other distributed computing environments, like Mesos.  Strong experience with data streaming architectures such as Apache Kafka, with experience with stream processing frameworks such as Apache Spark Streaming or Apache Kafka Streams.  Must have knowledge and experience creating of production-level data processing architectures based on Lambda or Kappa approaches.  Must understand functional programming concepts like Filter Map Reduce and functional programming languages like Scala or Python.  Expertise in data storage that demonstrates knowledge of when to use a file system, relational database, or NoSQL variant.  Strong background in Linux/Unix/CentOS installation and administration.  Expert in large scale data collection, ingestion, and distribution systems.  Experience with large scale Kafka implementations is a must.  Ability to identify and resolve end-to-end performance, network, server, and platform issues.  Ability to read, write, speak and understand English.  Familiarity with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence frameworks and tools such as Tensorflow, Caffe, and Python.  Familiarity with Graph database technologies, such as Neo4j.  Familiarity with data workflow/data prep platforms, such as Alteryx, Pentaho, or KNIME.  Experience with large scale data collection and distribution systems and architectures.  Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service.  Bachelor's degree in an engineering discipline or computer science.  Master of Science in an engineering discipline, computer engineering or computer science.  Experience.  10- 15+ years of Linux/Unix/CentOS system admin; Windows experience a plus.  10-15+ years of hands-on working experience with embedding analytics applications, model scoring, RDBMS, SQL, scripting, and coding.  Experience delivering one major analytics oriented system where candidate was responsible for designing the architecture, implementing, operating, and supporting.
 Required Skills and .  Experience:.  BA/BS in business administration, contracts, technical writing, proposals or a related discipline or equivalent experience.  2?? years experience in research, technical writing, contracts, proposals or government experience required.  Excellent analytical, verbal and written communication skills.  Excellent planning, organization, and coordination skills.  Preferred Skills (Not Required):.  MA/MS in business administration, contracts, technical writing, proposals or a related discipline or equivalent experience.  Advanced working knowledge of a variety of computer software applications in word processing, spreadsheets, database, presentation software (MS Office, Adobe).  Strong organizational skills and high level of initiative.  Strong ability and experience planning and coordinating to completion multiple concurrent tasks in a multi-deadline environment.  Strong multi task ability and work well with others in a team environment.
 Specific experience is less important than a demonstrated ability to master and contribute to mathematics-or science-based computational methods and software delivery.  Ability to find resources relevant to new work.
 Global experience.  Remote experience.  Ability to work on leading platforms for people management.  Demonstrated familiarity with regulations concerning consultant work.  Demonstrated organizational abilities in prior experience.  Strong ability to self-motivate and start projects with little to no supervision.  Ability to communicate clearly, orally and in writing.  Ability to work independently and in a group.
Automation Anywhere is a global leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), empowering customers to automate end-to-end business processes with software bots ??digital workers that perform repetitive and manual tasks, resulting in dramatic productivity gains, optimized customer experience and more engaged employees.  Preferred Skills/Qualifications:.  7+ years relevant experience.  Strong working knowledge of DoD Cloud Computing SRG, RMF for DoD IT, and similar skills and experience.  Strong working knowledge of public cloud architecture.  Strong knowledge of application and cloud security and alignment to regulatory requirements.  Experience working with security tools and solutions.  Experience in working directly with government agencies on security operational processes.  Working experience in engineering organization.  Experience using or analyzing results from vulnerability management tools such as Nessus, Qualys, Fortify or similar.
 ALQIMI is considering candidates of various experience levels including Associate (4-8 years of experience) and Director (8+ years of experience).  The candidate must have a minimum of four years of experience and ALQIMI will consider candidates with more experience.  Must Have Qualifications/Requirements.  Minimum of four years experience in a prospect or customer facing role.  [1]The title the candidate will be designated with will be determined by the candidate's experience level.
 We are looking for an experienced technology architect who wants to deliver the next generation intelligent digital health platform that will be the foundation of our products, services, and solutions across therapeutic areas such as Neuroscience, Ophthalmology, and Oncology.  You are highly technical, analytical, able to work effectively in a matrix organization, and adept at synthesizing a variety of information including research, competitive analysis, user behavior, and new technologies / capabilities, transforming them into features and experiences that consumers love.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Information Systems or related field; .  Masters in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related preferred.  8+ years relevant experience in a software development role including experience with large scale systems.  Experience with BigData technology stack; Spark, Cassandra and Kafka including performance tuning and troubleshooting production issues.  Experience in bringing one or more AI based products deployed in production or at scale which uses machine learning, deep learning, computer vision, or natural language processing.  Experience in oAuth2 and SSL.  Experience working with Asynchronous networking frameworks ??Netty.  Experience tuning Network sockets layers in the cloud.  Experience with Complex event processing ??CEP.  Experience with reactive programming ??Vert.  Experience with ML techniques and ML runtime environment.  Experience working with Private Virtual Cloud Infrastructure.  Ability to travel internationally 25%.  10+ years relevant experience in a software development role.  Experience with Druid, Neo4J, TensorFlow, PySpark, Vert.  Experience in Kubernetes KubeFlow.  Experience with network mesh for service-discovery, load balancing, ALB; Apps Load Balancing, blue-green deployment.  Experience working with Quality Management Systems.  Experience with medical devices and/or Software as a Medical Device.  Familiarity with Wearable and IoT Devices.  Experience with developing Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality hardware/software solutions.
 Desired Skills & .  Experience:.  Understanding of infrastructure and cloud technologies is a must; AWS knowledge preferred- Consulting organization experience is highly preferred.  Strong communicator (both verbal and written) skills are a must.
 Desired Skills & .  Experience:.  Understanding of infrastructure and cloud technologies is a must; AWS knowledge preferred- Consulting organization experience is highly preferred.  Strong communicator (both verbal and written) skills are a must.
 Desired Skills & .  Experience:.  Understanding of infrastructure and cloud technologies is a must; AWS knowledge preferred- Consulting organization experience is highly preferred.  Strong communicator (both verbal and written) skills are a must.
 Desired Skills & .  Experience:.  Understanding of infrastructure and cloud technologies is a must; AWS knowledge preferred- Consulting organization experience is highly preferred.  Strong communicator (both verbal and written) skills are a must.
 Desired Skills & .  Experience:.  Understanding of infrastructure and cloud technologies is a must; AWS knowledge preferred- Consulting organization experience is highly preferred.  Strong communicator (both verbal and written) skills are a must.
 If you are an experienced professional who lives and breathes websites and analytics, then we have a very exciting position for you.  For this role, you need to have experience in managing websites, working with outside design and development agencies, an analytical background combined with creativity and ideally some experience with Wordpress.  Education level: degree in marketing or technical field.  5+ years experience in managing websites and working with Wordpress.  Expert in measuring and interpreting Google analytics metrics.  Experience with e-commerce technology is a plus.
 We provide the highest-rated client experience to more than 450,000 providers, 22,000 healthcare organizations and 750 health systems and hospitals around the country.  Coaches team members, helping them develop into more senior/experienced resources.  10+ years experience managing Technology related staff and/or projects.  10+ years experience with Application Development.  Proven team leadership and management experience, with ability to recruit, engage and develop staff with advanced degrees and diverse backgrounds and in different geographic locations.  Strong desire to succeed and help others succeed demonstrated through proven ability to train and mentor junior team members.  Excellent project management skills with ability to lead and engage in multiple projects and initiatives.  Ability to allocate resources based on priority and skill level, strengths, and area of expertise.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Ability to work self-directed.  Ability to manage, contribute to, support, expect, and embrace constant change.  Preferred Skills:.  Experience in machine learning frameworks and technologies like ProgR, and Python.  Skills in machine learning data mining and other quantitative research analytics such as: Non-Linear Regression Analysis, Multivariate Analysis, Bayesian Methods, Generalized Linear Models, Decision Trees and Random Forest, Non Parametric estimations, Neural Networks, Ensemble Models, etc.  Bachelors degree in Technology or in a related area is preferred.
 We are looking for dedicated employees to join our team to help our customers have the best experience possible every time they enter a JD Finish Line store.  Experience. ) in Information Systems or other related field from a four-year college or university and 8 - 10 years experience in leading digital transformation efforts, data analytics, data engineering, and process documentation required.  Must have experience with partnering with stakeholders of all levels of the organization to plan and solve problems.  Required Computer and Technical Skills.
 The Artificial Intelligence Senior Program/Portfolio Manager will be responsible for managing the full scope of activities within one of Innovations AI/ML solution portfolios, to include partner exploration and outreach, user/customer experience design, marketing and branding considerations, solution development and implementation, and demonstration of business value in production environments.  The ideal candidate will have the right attitude and an imaginative mind set, is creative, and has extensive experience with AI/ML solution delivery within industry.  Works with various Product and Enterprise teams to optimize customer and user experiences.  Bachelors Degree in a STEM field (e. , Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or related quantitative/technical field) and at least 5 years of combined experience in program management and/or AI/ML technology development, OR a High School Diploma/GED and at least 10 years of experience.  Significant experience in project/program management and customer relationship management in the AI/ML technology space in an industry setting (banking/financial industry preferred).  Experience working with R&D/innovation-style activities.  Experience with programming and software design fundamentals, e.  Knowledge and familiarity with a broad range of AI/ML algorithms, e.  Experience with both relational and non-relational databases and data access methods, e.  Experience with Python programming environment or equivalent (e.  Knowledge and familiarity with AI/ML solution development within cloud-based environments (e.  Experience delivering communications in a clear, concise, and compelling manner.
 The Artificial Intelligence Senior Program/Portfolio Manager will be responsible for managing the full scope of activities within one of Innovations AI/ML solution portfolios, to include partner exploration and outreach, user/customer experience design, marketing and branding considerations, solution development and implementation, and demonstration of business value in production environments.  The ideal candidate will have the right attitude and an imaginative mind set, is creative, and has extensive experience with AI/ML solution delivery within industry.  Works with various Product and Enterprise teams to optimize customer and user experiences.  Bachelors Degree in a STEM field (e. , Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Statistics, or related quantitative/technical field) and at least 5 years of combined experience in program management and/or AI/ML technology development, OR a High School Diploma/GED and at least 10 years of experience.  Significant experience in project/program management and customer relationship management in the AI/ML technology space in an industry setting (banking/financial industry preferred).  Experience working with R&D/innovation-style activities.  Experience with programming and software design fundamentals, e.  Knowledge and familiarity with a broad range of AI/ML algorithms, e.  Experience with both relational and non-relational databases and data access methods, e.  Experience with Python programming environment or equivalent (e.  Knowledge and familiarity with AI/ML solution development within cloud-based environments (e.  Experience delivering communications in a clear, concise, and compelling manner.
 We are seeking a passionate, results-oriented, proven individual with experience in the innovation and management of global partner programs.  The successful candidate must have proven experience and success in working collaboratively across executive management, field sales organization, product development, marketing, etc.  The ideal candidate will possess an extensive background working with technology partnerships and partner programs, particularly as related to Managed Service Providers (MSPs) and Strategic Implementers (SIs), along with strong business development, strategic alliances, and entrepreneurial skills.  The candidate should also have a proven track record of influencing innovation through a partner ecosystem with a prior solution and program successes.   Engage OPN program members directly to gain insight on the user experience of the program.  Experience working on MSP and/or SI program development strongly preferred.  Experience and success in managing large and complex global partner ecosystems with a proven understanding of the various business models.  Strong presentation skills and the ability to articulate complex concepts to cross-functional audiences.  Proven ability to partner with a wide variety of senior-level individuals including top-level business leaders and customers.  Strong business acumen, and experience with large, complex organizations during periods of rapid growth and change.  12+ years of Marketing/Business Development experience in the technology industry, preferably software industry.  Experience should include relationship management.  Ability to determine strategy and tactical plans that deliver tangible results.  Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills.  BA/BS degree or equivalent, advanced degree highly desirable.
 8+ years of relevant work experience at a PR/marketing agency or in a relevant in-house role in communications, journalism, marketing or a related field.  Proven ability to build and manage relationships with company stakeholders, executives, journalists and external partners.  Strong organizational and project management skills.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Experience with analyst relations.  Experience scaling communications efforts globally.  Experience with media tracking and/or data analytics tools (e.
 Qualifications and experience.  2-3 years experience in a similar sales position.  A Bachelor degree in Sciences is a must, a Master or PhD will be an advantage.  Excellent communication skills, including experience communicating complex scientific principles in simple terms.  Previous experience working as part of a team to develop the companys customer base and provide a first-class experience to clients, preferably within the clinical, clinical research, biotechnology, or medical technology markets.
 Bachelors degree or equivalent is required plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience to meet managerial expectations.  GDMS is looking for a highly motivated Product Manager to oversee a diverse portfolio of Data at Rest (DaR) encryption products.  The Product Manager serves the interface to GDMS DaR customer base, and the liaison to our internal the Engineering and Manufacturing teams.  What youll experience:.  Bachelors degree or equivalent plus a minimum of 8 years relevant experience; or Master's degree plus a minimum of 6 years relevant experience to meet managerial expectations.  Proficiency in Microsoft Office products.  Excellent verbal and written language skills.  Ability to multitask and prioritize.  Ability to lead teams in matrix organization.  Ability to develop financial forecasts and present performance outcomes to leadership.  Strong analytical skills.  Ability to understand and analyze program financial data.  Knowledge of Type 1 encryption development/products and the ability to apply technology.  Experience with product security certification.  Federal Business Development, capture and proposal writing experience.  Knowledge of product marketing (i.  GDMS employees work closely with esteemed customers to develop solutions that allow them to carry out high-stakes national security missions.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Collaborates with group leadership to design, implement and manage WBS structures.  BS in Finance or related field is required, MS/MBA preferred.  Minimum of 5 years experience beyond degree is required, preferably in a technical environment supporting multiple persons and projects.  Must possess advanced skills in MS Office, especially Excel.  Experience with SAP a plus.  Ability to analyze, discuss and present financial results/reports.  Ability to work independently, seek out answers to problems and drive positive change within the organization.  Ability to obtain and maintain a government security clearance is required.
 Identify, compare, select and implement technology solutions to meet current and future needsDevelop, track and control the development of annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing and operationsManage and optimize infrastructure assets to satisfy internal financial targetsCreate overall technology standards and practices and ensure adherenceCreate / Adapt technological platforms to improve customer experienceSelect and implement suitable technology to streamline all internal operations and help optimize their strategic benefitsTrack, analyze and monitor technology performance metricsOversee all system design and changes in system architectureTake the initiative in thought leadership, innovation and creativityDeveloping strategic plans and setting timelines for evaluation, development, and deployment of all technological services including, web, and mobile servicesCollaborating with department heads, production, and operations as an advisor of all technologies involved with the companyEstablishing software development process and set objectives for the processProvide leadership to IT specialists and other staff within the companyMonitoring performance profiling tools and proceduresMaintaining network security with IT teamDevelop and evaluate technological visions, opportunities, and risks company-wideEnsuring the companys technological processes and service comply with all requirements, laws, and regulations.  Skills:.  Excellent communication skills in both written and spoken formats.  Excellent math, computer hardware and software skills.  Excellent understanding of ETL processes and APIs.  Excellent leadership, team building, and management skills.  Ability to solve big data problems and perform strategic analysis.  Ability to actively communicate, inspire and motivate all levels of staff.  Ability to think and act strategically and proactively.  Strong writing and presentation skills.  Experience leveraging data visualization technologies so that decisions company wide, and at all levels, can be based off of analytical data.  At least 10 years experience in the Information Technology fieldAt least 5 years management experience and 3 years strategic experience in this field, or MBA/MS in related field with 5 years experience of which must be managerial and strategicVarious software systems experience is required.  Experience in heavy equipment technology, Lean Manufacturing and leveraging lean tools.  Experience leading enterprise-wide technology initiatives for medium to large size manufacturing companies.  Experience leading teams on Industry 4.  Experience with some of the latest technologies impacting manufacturing such as: AI, Machine Learning, IOT, 3D printing, RFID, Cloud Computing, & Data ScienceIn-depth understanding of manufacturing environmentMust possess 5-year driving record with clear history for the past three years.
 We need someone with experience in Automation, AI(Artificial intelligence), or RPA (Robotic process automation)This is an Enterprise Operations Support role, as such it will require a commitment on your part as well as ours. Essential Functions: Some of the primary responsibilities of this role would include:Manage Service Level Agreements and contracts for a multiple site enterprise help desk environments Provide Management Plan for multiple sitesProvide interface and be responsive to overall contract administrationParticipate in meetings regarding service delivery, strategic planning, and IT transition planningAssist in developing, planning and implementation of Configuration, Asset, and Change managementEstablish controls for reporting and managing service level agreements for Tier I, II, and III Help DeskPerform trend analysis so that resources/services could be aligned to meet SLAMonitor performance and service delivery metrics and initiate plans for exceeding targetsPerform risk assessment and risk mitigation strategiesEnsure that effective communication and problem management occurs at and between all support tiersManage customer experiences from client cultivation, through sale, through project management, and providing ongoing support. Drive consistency of effort in utilizing the tools and training provided to deliver world-class customer experience in our professional solutions offerings.  Masters Degree preferredITIL Foundations in Service ManagementHDI Manager Certification - required within 90 business days of hirePMI PMP ??required within 120 days of hire.  Knowledge Requirements: Incident ManagementProblem ManagementChange ManagementCritical thinking skillsActive listening skills and effective communication strategiesEnterprise ticketing application experience ??ServiceNow or BMC Remedy Service Management experience preferredBusiness AnalyticsArtificial IntelligenceRPA.  Experience: Three (3)+ years hands-on experience acting in the role of IT project manager and experience in Automation, AI,or RPAJob Types: Full-time, ContractSalary: $105,000.  Experience:IT Project Management : 3 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Preferred).
FRONTEO USA is seeking Project Managers with proven industry experience and in using ESI / eDiscovery technology.  Ability to operate in a high pressure constantly changing work environment and expectations, including availability to respond off-hours and weekends, are essentially to this role.  Technical knowledge and experience in using ESI technology is integral to performing the duties of this job. QUALIFICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS3-5 years of experience in a project management role or capacity, preferably in eDiscovery or law industryBA in business or related disciplinePMP certification in preferred.  Proven proficiency and knowledge of hosting and review eDiscovery platforms and other technology as required and provide training and support to clients as required.  Proven ability to manage and direct process flows, customer interaction and time management skills.  Ability to work in a collaborative manner with all departments to ensure specifications are communicated properly and deadlines are understood and met.  Ability to work off hours when necessary to resolve project or client issues.  Ability to travel to and from various company offices or client sites when necessary or required by management or client.  Ability to provide excellent internal and external Customer Service.  Strong problem solving skills, with excellent attention to details.  Excellent communication skills, written and verbal with strong presentation skillsMaintain a composed and professional demeanor at all timesFRONTEO is driven from a service-oriented culture that continues to aim higher and brighter to develop leading-edge technology and market best services creating immense value for our clients, employees, consumers and shareholders.  Experience:project management (eDiscovery): 5 years (Preferred)Education:Bachelor's (Required)License:Project Management Professional (PMP) (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required).
 Collaborate with data engineers and developers across our global technology services teams to build analytics solutions focused on value drivers and stakeholder experience.  Bachelors degree or four or more years of work experience.  Six or more years of relevant work experience.  Advanced degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering or Business Analytics.  Two or more years of experience in a strategy or quantitative/technical role (e.  Strong understanding of advanced statistical methods (e. ) and experience in data analytics platforms and visualization software tools.  Analytical and creative problem-solving skills in combination with a deep knowledge of SQL and scripting/statistical programming languages (Python, ProgR, etc.  Experience with innovation methods (e.  Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment, meet deadlines, and simultaneously work on multiple projects.  Experience in a leadership role responsible for the design, development, and implementation of a strategic plan for an organization, company or business unit.  Ability to translate complex ideas and express them in concise, simple to understand ways.  Experience working across all levels of an organization, leveraging organizational, interpersonal, presentation, and time-management skills.  Proven ability to manage complex programs and drive cross-functional teams to meet business objectives and influence co-workers while fostering strong working relationships.  Experience handling confidential information appropriately.
 We prioritize talent and potential over having closely similar prior experience.  Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, or graph algorithms.  Ability to initiate, lead, and conduct R&D projects.
 Collaborate with data and AI teams to build analytics solutions focused on value drivers and customer experience.  Bachelors degree or four or more years of work experience.  Six or more years of relevant work experience.  MBA or advanced degree in Economics, Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering.  Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment, meet deadlines, and simultaneously work on multiple projects.  Experience in a leadership role responsible for the design, development, and implementation of a strategic plan for an organization, company or business unit.  Ability to translate complex ideas and express them in concise, simple to understand ways.  Ability to conduct multi-modal research, to synthesize structured and unstructured data.  Proven ability to manage complex programs and drive cross-functional teams to meet business objectives and influence co-workers while fostering strong working relationships.  Experience handling confidential information appropriately.
 Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 2 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 2 years directly related experience.  Experienced in the use of current strategic CAD tools; Pro-E/Creo or Solid Works preferred.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
Kaspar Companies is looking for an experienced CTO (Chief Technology Officer) to join its team. 0/Smart Manufacturing projects and bring them successfully to completion on budget and on time?Are you proven a leader with strong training abilities in order to communicate strategies, processes and implementation of operational standards?If so, Kaspar Companies wants to talk to you!Primary Function: The CTO assists organizational leaders in the development of new, and repositioning of existing, programs and services as it relates to technology. Position Responsibilities (including but not limited to): Create the technology system roadmap and strategy for the entire company, including, but not limited to factory floor technology, ERP, eCommerce, CRM, Robotics, Artificial Intelligence, and administrationIdentify, compare, select and implement technology solutions to meet current and future needsDevelop, track and control the development of annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing and operationsManage and optimize infrastructure assets to satisfy internal financial targetsCreate overall technology standards and practices and ensure adherenceCreate / Adapt technological platforms to improve customer experienceSelect and implement suitable technology to streamline all internal operations and help optimize their strategic benefitsTrack, analyze and monitor technology performance metricsOversee all system design and changes in system architectureTake the initiative in thought leadership, innovation and creativityDeveloping strategic plans and setting timelines for evaluation, development, and deployment of all technological services including, web, and mobile servicesCollaborating with department heads, production, and operations as an advisor of all technologies involved with the companyEstablishing software development process and set objectives for the processProvide leadership to IT specialists and other staff within the companyMonitoring performance profiling tools and proceduresMaintaining network security with IT teamDevelop and evaluate technological visions, opportunities, and risks company-wideEnsuring the companys technological processes and service comply with all requirements, laws, and regulationsSkills:.  Excellent communication skills in both written and spoken formats.  Excellent math, computer hardware and software skills.  Excellent understanding of ETL processes and APIs.  Excellent leadership, team building, and management skills.  Ability to solve big data problems and perform strategic analysis.  Ability to actively communicate, inspire and motivate all levels of staff.  Ability to think and act strategically and proactively.  Strong writing and presentation skills.  Experience leveraging data visualization technologies so that decisions company wide, and at all levels, can be based off of analytical dataQualifications: At least 10 years experience in the Information Technology fieldAt least 5 years management experience and 3 years strategic experience in this field, or MBA/MS in related field with 5 years experience of which must be managerial and strategicVarious software systems experience is required.  Experience in heavy equipment technology, Lean Manufacturing and leveraging lean tools.  Experience leading enterprise-wide technology initiatives for medium to large size manufacturing companies.  Experience leading teams on Industry 4.  Experience with some of the latest technologies impacting manufacturing such as: AI, Machine Learning, IOT, 3D printing, RFID, Cloud Computing, & Data ScienceIn-depth understanding of manufacturing environmentMust possess 5-year driving record with clear history for the past three yearsJob Type: Contract.  Experience:Information Technology: 10 years (Required)Location:Shiner, TX 77984 (Required)Schedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
 Masters degree experience in Computer Science, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Mathematics, Computational Chemistry, Chemistry, Bioinformatics, Computational Biology, Biology or a related subject area.  5+ years of experience in the Data Science and /or Digital Health space in a company ranging from start-ups to consulting firms with established Data Science practices or large Fortune 500 companies.  Excellent communication, interpersonal, and written skills.  Familiarity with drug discovery and clinical development processes.  Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining.  Experience with visualization software/tools such as ProgR, Spotfire, Tableau, etc.
 3+ years of experience working as a Business Analyst or related field.  5+ years of demonstrable experience working as a Project Manager.  3+ years of demonstrable experience leading Agile projects as a Scrum Master or Product Owner.  Experience with software development teams, local and distributed across different time zones.  Experience and love giving presentations and speaking in public.  Scrum Master, Product Owner or PMI certification.  Experience, Bachelor degree in business or related field or an MBA.
 Must be capable of developing proof-of-concept prototypes in support of future product concepts.  Fifth year college or university program certificate and 10 years software architecture experience.  Masters degree in computer science or similar preferred.  One of more of the following Certifications strongly desired:.  Microsoft Azure Certifications, or equivalent in AWS or GCP.  Expert certification.  10+ years experience as a software developer, lead and architect.  5+ years experience architecting and design highly complex systems.  Expert knowledge of technical architecture best practices.  Experience developing architectures in multiple diverse domains and technology stacks.  Excellent organizational skills.  Excellent verbal, presentation and written communication skills for technical and non-technical audiences.  Excellent communication and collaboration skills.  Expertise in Azure solutions architecture.  Practical experience with containers (e.  High proficiency with C#, MFC, ASP.  Experience and understanding of SQL Server, and use of Azure SQL Database a plus.  Experience and understanding of ASP.  Experience and understanding of Azure App Services.  High proficiency with design patterns especially MVC.  Experience on an Agile Software Development Cycle team (Scrum master, tech lead, project manager, requirements manager, functional manager, task manager).  Experience with a cloud-based operations infrastructure (Microsoft Azure) and its services (Run Books, Virtual Machines, instrumentation, firewalls).  Experience with network technologies (VPNs).  Experience and understanding of web and mobile app security best practices (oWASP).  Experience with managing third party service vendor relationships.  Experience using collaborative communication tools and collaborative development tools.  Experience or familiarity with AWS and GCP solutions architecture.  Familiarity with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with Agile PLM.  High proficiency with mobile development; Objective-C, Swift, SwiftUI, Java.  Experience with mobile application POS (Google Play Store, Apple App Store).
 The solutions we build help make everything from virtual reality experiences to breakthroughs in neural networks possible.  Experience working in a global environment with good communication skills to collaborate with senior internal partners.  Experience using social technology and data to measure impact and resolve improvements.  Deep familiarity with enterprise social media community management and listening platforms.  Experience working with external partners/agencies on digital media campaigns.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience in Marketing, Communications, or related fields.  Ability to stay calm under pressure.  Paid social media experience.  Proven track record of delivering high quality digital media campaigns in very dynamic enterprise-level environments.  Masters degree in marketing or related field preferred.  Experienced || Regular || Marketing || #LI-SC2 || Tier 4 ||.
 Communication Skills.  Ability to see beyond the numbers.  Experience in Python or similar languages.  Experience with Microsoft Power BI.  Proficient with MS and Oracle SQL.  Experience / Education:.  Bachelors degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related degree.  Minimum of 3 years of experience doing quantitative analysis.  Experience with Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analystics and Machine Learning Methodologies.  Experience with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment (trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.  Experience in operations analysis, data analytics, computer science or related field.  Experience with project management tools and techniques, such as JIRA, Confluence, Scrum and Kanban.  Experience leading a team of professionals including providing day to day supervision, managing team objectives and structure projects for on-time and on-budget delivery.  Excellent interpersonal communication, conflict management, coordination, and planning skills with cross-functional teams; experience communicating at different levels of the organization (including communicating complex modeling and statistical concepts).  Ability to balance technical depth with excellent communication skills.  Strong problem-solving skills ??effective at developing creative solutions and removing barriers.  Masters or Ph.  degree in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering or related technical degree.  Experience with SQL, ProgR, Python, or other programming languages.
 Masters degree or above and at least 10 years of work experience across key business functional areas such as pricing, sales, finance, HR.  Proven experience in implementing AI solutions using statistical software (R, Python, JMP, SAS, SPSS, etc.  Familiarity with the capabilities, data requirements and limitations of modern data science and artificial intelligence techniques.  Experience in leading semiconductor company a plus.  Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, both verbally and in writing.  Strong communication skills and an ability to work effectively with others at all levels in an organization.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-JC4 || Tier 5 ||.
 This position will be located in Bellevue, NE and will support the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program.  Learn more about the GBSD program here.  What you will get to do, specific duties to include, but are not limited to the following: ?줔esigns, develops and tests displays, controls and functionality ?줔esigns, develops and tests simulation software for use in high fidelity simulation based training systems; training systems may include a combination of console and weapon system simulations, virtual reality, and augmented reality ?줔esign and develop artificial intelligence algorithms to tutor, assess and evaluate learner knowledge ?줔evelops and maintains databases to monitor and analyze learner and system performance ?줓ollaborates with Systems and Quality Engineers to ensure software requirements are met ?줡erforms software peer reviews, version control, automated tests, software analysis, continuous inBasic Qualifications: Bachelor's degree and 9 years of relevant experience; or 7 Years with .  Masters; or 4 Years with PhD.  Must have an Active DoD Secret Clearance ?줓andidate should have: ??  Strong experience with build automation tools such as Jenkins, GoCD, Travis CI or Circle CI ??  Strong experience with deployment automation tools such as chef, puppet or ansible ??  Experience with working in a fast pace, agile environment with the ability to work on cross-function Scrum team focused on quality and capability delivery ??  Experience with Java/C/C++ development and/or front-end web development including JavaScript Frameworks (Angular JS or React), HTML, and CSS ??  Familiarity with DevSecOps, continuous integration, and continuous delivery ??  Familiarity with distributed version control software (Git, Mercurial) ??  Experience with Linux and Windows operating systems ??  Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban, Extreme Programming), Scaled Agile Framework ??SAFe for Lean Enterprises Preferred Qualifications: ?줔oD Secret Clearance has been issued in the last 5 years Travel 10-15% Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce.
Success in this position requires experience managing projects/engagements delivering Commercial Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Patient Analytics, Market Access Analytics & Managed Care Analytics solutionsCandidates will be expected to have familiarity with application of analytics to sales and marketing problems such as:Commercial Model Design, Sales Force Sizing and StructurePatient analytics using Real-World Data sources such as anonymized longitudinal patient claims data, lab/diagnostic testing data, etc. Recruit, manage and mentor a team of analystsRequired Skills & .  Experience: A degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Economics, Statistics or a related field with 4-10 years of prior relevant work experience.  Graduate degree is preferred.  Strong analytical skills, excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable analytical findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language.  Proven ability to frame a business issue, design the right solution, and deliver results.  Ability to lead projects and teams.  Experience with the application of statistical estimation techniques and / or optimization techniques.  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets. Job Type: Full-timeEducation:Bachelor's (Preferred).
 8+ years experience and a bachelors degree, or 6+ years experience and a .  Masters in CS, data engineering or other related fields.  4+ years of experience with machine learning, data engineering and deep learning frameworks.  Strong communication skills.  Previous experience building machine learning pipelines.  Experience working with public cloud providers (AWS or GCP or Azure).  Experience working with image and video data.  Experience with Django or similar frameworks.  Experience with Kubernetes.  Experience working with Serverless cloud computing services.
 John Deere & Company, with over 180 years of experience in designing, manufacturing, and distributing innovative products to farmers, acquired Blue River Technology in the fall of 2017 as an independently-run subsidiary.  Our office is located in Sunnyvale, CA and is home to 100+ team members with diverse experience including computer vision, machine learning, systems software, autonomous vehicles and precision agriculture.  Minimum 4 years of experience as a product manager in a technology company.  Proven ability to influence, collaborate, and engage with others from diverse backgrounds ranging from engineers, to computer vision researchers, to agronomists, to field technicians, to growers.  Excellent communication skills and ability to communicate technical product information in a clear, concise and creative manner.  Strong organizational, planning and problem solving skills with an ability to resolve ambiguity and traverse between high level strategy and low-level details.  Growth mindset with ability to quickly learn and apply experience to new technologies, domains and problems.  BA/BS degree in a technical field or equivalent practical experience.  Experience with or knowledge of agriculture, agricultural technology or equipment.  Experience with products that utilize Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.  Entrepreneurial experience taking a product from ideation to commercialization.  MBA or MSE.
 Candidates who apply institutional knowledge of a traditional SOC or MSSP/MDR operation to the new landscape of external cybersecurity threats will be given priority consideration.  Experience team to deliver value to customers through escalations, analysis, incident response and work product knowledge.  Experience leading a operations center environment (GSOC, SOC, Fusion center or similar 24x7 communications hub), typically obtained in 3-5+ years.  Strong technical leadership skills.  Strong business acumen - organization, prioritization, logistics.  Excellent communication, time management and decision-making skills.  Operational experience using traditional SOC tools including log aggregation, SIEMs, SOARs and threat intelligence services.
 ZeroFOX seeks a Director of Global Marketing with a proven track record of building and executing campaign marketing strategies in a B2B environment.  Marketing experience in B2B software, typically obtained in 4-6 years.  Marketing automation experience (Marketo Preferred), typically obtained in 4-6 years.  Experience and an understanding of SEO and SEM best practices.  Experience building messaging for global social, web, print, and email campaigns.  Proven track record of being the hardest worker in the room.  Proven track record of balancing priorities (and choosing the right ones).  Strong analytical skills and an ability to translate data into actionable recommendations.  Excellent project management skills* Exceptional written and verbal communication.  Experience with Marketo, SalesForce and project management tools.  Certifications like SiriusDecisions, Pragmatic Marketing, Content Marketing Institute, HubSpot, etc.
 ZeroFOX seeks an experienced and result-driven Director of Global Digital Marketing and Creative Services to join our awesome marketing team! As a Director of Global Digital Marketing and Creative Services, you will be responsible for setting up, implementing, and managing the overall company's digital marketing strategy including website, brand management, creative services, partner co-branding, and digital marketing programs.  Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Public Relations, or Design.  Marketing experience in B2B software, typically obtained in 4-6 years.  Experience using marketing automation software (Marketo, Hubspot, or Pardot), typically obtained in 4-6 years.  Knowledge of digital marketing approaches including SEO and PPC.  Website design and management experience.  Experience using Adobe Illustrator and/or Photoshop.  Proven experience in managing global marketing resources.  Ability to interact, communicate and present ideas effectively.  Proven writing and editing skills.  Ability to work collaboratively in a team setting and across the global organization.  Excellent project management skills and ability to handle multiple tasks at one time while effectively working under tight deadlines.
Q Analysts is looking for a Senior Test Lead who will be working with experienced Testers on testing voice based consumer devices for android based assistant products. Skills: .  Experience in all phases of the software and testing lifecycle, from inception through deploymentDemonstrable project leadership experience.  Experience designing and building frameworks to automate functional testingTest Planning and StrategyRepresent the Testing Team in meetings with Business Owners, Tech Managers and other Stakeholders.  Experience with Device Testing and Mobile Testing.  Experience of Testing with Emulators and Simulators.  Experience working with black-box and white-box testing methodologies.  Strong software design debugging and testing skillsSelf-starter who can get work done with minimal supervisionProficient in SQL and the ability to analyze the data flows and create dashboardsEducation/.  Experience: Bachelor's or Associate's degreeAND3+ years of experience in a QA or related roleAbout Q AnalystsJoin Q Analysts and become part of a world-class organization.  Q Analysts provides industry-leading managed services that drive Quality for Quality Assurance and Testing of hardware devices, software apps and experiences as well as Ground Truth Data Services for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Experience Program.  Experience:Leadership : 3 years (Required)Mobile Testing: 4 years (Required)SQL: 2 years (Required)Android Testing: 2 years (Required)Work authorization:United States (Required)Work Remotely:No.
Job Requirements: 1-3 years of growth product management experience, with proven track record of optimizing conversion funnels and driving growth.  Expert in making decisions using insights and data.  Experience with SQL, Google Analytics, Google Ads, Tableau, or other reporting and visualization tools.
Work collaboratively with product team to identify and address gaps in the product and user experience. Job Requirements: 3 to 5 years of relevant experience, financial services or experience building an affiliate program is a plus.  Ability to manage complex, multi-faceted relationships, along with projects of varying size and scope.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills and presentation experience, with the ability to effectively liaise with both internal technical teams and senior members of the Insurify team. Technical background or relevant online experience.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills are a mustHighly detail-oriented and analytic skills. BONUS * Insurance industry experienceManagement consulting and/or investment banking experienceBenefits: Stock option planGenerous Healthcare plan401K planFree snack and beverage barUnlimited vacation timeAbout InsurifyDo you want to be part of Bostons hottest up and coming startup? Insurify is one of the fastest-growing MIT FinTech startups and has been recognized as a global Top 100 InsurTech company.
 Today we support the delivery of medical science to take new drugs to market, enable the nation's largest training body supporting electricians and journeymen to improve competency and help address medical overbilling so patients can have a better customer experience.  Bachelor's in Marketing, Communications, or a related field required.  5 years of progressive experience in marketing.  2 years of experience managing teams.  Experience building a pipeline and delivering leads for Enterprise Software.  Ability to talk about artificial intelligence in ways that make sense to technologists and laypeople.  Ability to create strategic plans, execute on those plans, and then iterate.  Ability to assume the role of brand storyteller, blending positioning, messaging, and industry trends into a clear narrative.  Ability to optimize website funnels.  Ability to collaborate well across multiple teams.  Experience with the startup lifestyle.
 Bachelors degree in a relevant fieldHigh curiosity to learn and engage in continuous improvementDeep understanding of product workflow and how people use online, web-based, and API data products.  Experience in creating storyboards, user flows, process flows, and site maps1-3 Years experience as a member of a Product or Project Management TeamTechnology experience, including ability to translate scientific and technological principles into business solutions.  Excellent written and verbal communication skillsHighly organized and self-motivated.  Strong work ethic, with ability to work and collaborate in a team-oriented atmosphereGood verbal communication skillsPreferred Qualifications: Background in science and/or technologySaaS experienceWhat we look for: Outstanding listening, analytical, organizational and time management skills.  Ability to dig into data, surface actionable insights and demonstrates sound decision-making skills.  Ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously, while meeting team deadlines.  Strong work ethic, hands-on, detail oriented with a customer service mentalityTeam player, ability to work cross-functionally, self-driven, motivated, and able to work under pressure. Education:Bachelor's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Company's website:www.
 Evidence Generation, Research Partnerships, Field Medical, North America Clinical Operations), Market Access and Public Affairs, as well as a liaison to therapeutically aligned global counterparts in Epidemiology, Data Science and Real-World .  Evidence (RWE).  PhD Preferred or masters degree in appropriate field required (e. , epidemiology, biostatistics, health services research, health economics) and at least 8 years of experience in leading RWD analytics, development of RWE and key stakeholder engagement roles.  Keen knowledge and at least 8 years of experience in research using real world data and its applications in clinical and business decision making.  Experience in advanced analytics including artificial intelligence, machine learning and other advanced methods.  Excellent leadership, strong communication and critical thinking skills with keen knowledge of real-world databases.  Excellent process and project management skills required including the ability to manage a significant volume of projects with exercise of good triage and judgement skills.  Strong business acumen and a team player.  Strong strategic thinking skills.
 (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  The successful candidate will have extensive DoD experience or have experience working in the Defense business, and be familiar with the latest advancements in technology like Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning.  Shape GA-ASI OMS and UCS/UCI implementation strategy.  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
 (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.  The successful candidate will have extensive DoD experience or have experience working in the Defense business, and be familiar with the latest advancements in technology like Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning.  Supports and shapes GA-ASI OMS and UCS/UCI implementation strategy.  We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
 The ideal candidate has a broad range of experience across multiple service and client technologies, and proven ability to succeed across organizational boundaries.  This role influences, owns, and builds processes and tools that have many touch points across Office, Windows, Microsoft 365, Xbox, C+AI and other partners, in order to deploy AI to personalize customer experiences and deliver the most relevant, engaging content.  Build scalable AI systems that personalize customer experiences across Microsoft.  Partner with key stakeholders across growth and brand teams to define business needs and requirements to deliver engaging experiences for our customers.  2+ years program management experience in data driven personalization space or other relevant experience.  Strong analytic skills and great attention to detail.  Experience working with large data platforms.  Experience working with cross functional teams to define, scope and prioritize product requirements.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Bachelor's degree in engineering.
 It is a learning-oriented organization with a strong commitment to the idea that every individual?봱egardless of experience level?봦as something to teach and something to learn.  Strong peer and management support for those who want to learn.  BA/BS.  8+ years of regulatory writing experience with nonclinical, clinical, CMC, or drug safety related documentation.  Ability to synthesize data and present it in a written format.  Collective experience writing a range of study-level documents in their entirety and able to lead/own a study level document.  Strong understanding of the document creation process and of clinical development and study level clinical operations from conceptual study design to final CSR/CTR.  Ability to conduct/lead a CRM and successfully lead a project team to consensus.  Ability to provide high-quality customer service and follow-through on all assignments.  The collective sum of the individual differences, life experiences, knowledge, inventiveness, innovation, self-expression, unique capabilities and talent that our employees invest in their work represents a significant part of not only our culture, but our reputation and achievement.
 As part of the team, youll help our clients design and implement process strategies to address gaps in their cloud service delivery and service management proficiency.  Arrange appropriate assignments and experiences to support others' learning and development.  Demonstrating experience designing, developing, and shipping solutions on Azure or another public cloud;.  Knowledge/Skills:.
Are you an experienced software engineer who loves to write clean and secure code? Is building skilled web applications your forte? Do you enjoy being a team leader and a mentor? If yes, we want to hear from you!Clarip's patent-pending Hybrid Artificial Intelligence technology is disrupting the fast growing Data Privacy industry and we are looking for engineers like you to join our team and make a difference. RequirementsA degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 7-10 years of experience building web applicationsPrior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineerSolid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAXSkilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/Hadoop/Hive/HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. PlusesHands-on experience with Python, Java or AI AlgorithmsContribution to open-source projectsCompensationCompetitive salary, based on the experienceStock optionsPaid vacationWhat we offerA creative job with a lot of opportunity to grow professionallyContributing to something that is truly impacting people迦s livesBecoming part of the movement that cares about data privacyLife is short.  Experience:software development: 7 years (Required)PHP: 5 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:Temporarily due to COVID-19.
 Success in this role will require a combination of skills in people management, client management, analytics and critical thinking. Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with digital marketing channel experience both form building solutions as well as project delivery.  Knowledge, Skills and .  Experience쨌 .  Bachelors degree in one of the following or related fields: Engineering, Operations Research, Management Science, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, Computer Science or Data Science.  Masters, MBA or PhD). 쨌 3+ years of experience in Pharmaceutical / Biotech / Healthcare analytics. 쨌 5+ years experience with multichannel marketing/digital analytics, ideally in a pharmaceutical, agency, or other commercial environment쨌 Hands on experience in application of advanced methods and statistical procedures on large and disparate datasets, such as Design of Experiments, Regression and Timeseries. 쨌 Hands on experience with web, search, social analytics or media buying platforms - Google Analytics, DoubleClick Campaign Manager, Google Ad Manager, Adobe Analytics/Omniture, Sprinklr or similar tools쨌 .  Experience in analyzing data, trends and performance metrics across channels (paid, owned and earned) for integrated omnichannel marketing campaigns쨌 .  Strong hands on experience with SQL is required쨌 Hands on experience with ProgR, / Python is preferred쨌 .  Experience in MS Office products - Excel and PowerPoint skills required.  Experience with customer journey analytics, including touchpoint/pathway analysis, conversion analysis and customer segmentation is preferredJob Type: Full-timeBenefits:401(k)401(k) MatchingDental InsuranceDisability InsuranceFlexible ScheduleHealth InsuranceLife InsurancePaid Time OffVision InsuranceSchedule:Monday to FridaySupplemental Pay:Bonus Pay.  Experience:Advanced Analytics: 4 years (Preferred)Analytics: 1 year (Preferred)SEO Tools: 4 years (Preferred)Modeling: 4 years (Preferred)Education:Master's (Preferred)Company's website:www.
 Must be able to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance.  In order to qualify, you must meet the experience requirements described below.  Experience refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service programs (e.  You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.  Your resume must clearly describe your relevant experience; if qualifying based on education, your transcripts will be required as part of your application.  Experience: One year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service that demonstrates a practical knowledge of the subject area of the position and of the methods and techniques of instruction, which includes:.  NOTE: All applicants must meet applicable specialized experience requirements within thirty (30) days after the closing date of the announcement.  Some federal jobs allow you to substitute your education for the required specialized experience in order to qualify.  For this job, you must meet the minimum qualification requirement using experience alone-no substitution of education for specialized experience is permitted.  If you are minimally qualified, your r챕sum챕 and supporting documentation will be compared against your responses to the assessment questionnaire to determine your level of experience.  If, after reviewing your r챕sum챕 and/or supporting documentation, a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or experience, you may lose consideration for this position.  Candidates in this category possess exceptional skills and experience to exceed well above the minimum requirements for the announced position.  Candidates in this category possess good skills and experience above the minimum requirements for the announced position.  Candidates in this category meet the minimum experience requirements for the announced position.  Your resume may be submitted in any format and must support the specialized experience described in this announcement.
 The ideal candidate has a combination of technical background, business and market acumen, organization savvy, networking capabilities, and technical depth/experience.  Candidates should have proven track records of building external partnerships, and ideally will bring experience as an executive in one or more startups.  ??Senior executive with 15+ years of experience across a multitude of executive roles and experiences.  ??BS Degree required; MS Degree desired.  Deep technical experience across cloud silicon, software, networks, and systems.  ??Cloud-scale experience - ideally with experience at one of Intel's lead Cloud customers.  Experience in a business role with proven results (cannot be strictly technical).  Must have demonstrated ability to thrive, inspire, and coordinate strategic alignment across different environments - from entrepreneurial to long-tenured.  ??Industry experience and savvy in recognizing external markets shifts in competitive opportunities/threats.  Ability to anticipate and plan for transformative moves to drive growth and new business models.  ??Hands-on experience working closely with the operations, M&A, and technology of a high-growth business.  Experience in strategic model development, ability to work seamlessly with leaders at multiple levels in the organization.  Proven experience in building high-performance teams, developing leaders, and driving necessary organizational change to transform DPG's and Intel's culture.
 BS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience.  10+ years of combined experience in Product Management and Solutions architecture.  Proven track record for shipping/launching entirely new products/services and products/services customer adoption in the cloud.  Ability to define & shape the business strategy for large product areas.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Strong and experienced customer focus and engagement.  MS in a technical discipline/MBA.  Experience working on a public cloud service, and in-depth knowledge of IaaS/PaaS industry and competitive capabilities.  Experience working on AI-centric domains such as machine learning platforms or AI services.  Strong customer focus.  Hands-on experience conducting demonstrations (demos) using tools and related services that show the potential value of solutions.  Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development and product management.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  8 or more years of software engineering or related experience preferred.
 You are an innovative product development and data science manager with experience delivering high quality cloud based, data and machine learning products for our Citrix Analytics Security Offering.  Identifies and fulfills formal and informal training needs to meet the skills and experience requirements of the team and support business goals.  Masters in computer science, with 8-10 years of directly related development experience.  5+ years of experience managing cloud based and data product development, Software as a Service (SaaS) teams.  Experience in leading the development and delivery of multiple software products on time, with high quality and within budge.  Significant experience with the software cloud development lifecycle, processes, product development, and project management methodologies and tools.  Experience with workforce allocation and change management.  Experience in Agile methodologies (e.  Experience managing both development & data science teams a bonus.
Bachelor's Degree10+ years of experience in product or program management, product marketing, business development or technology6+ years of experience managing teams.  Experience with end to end product delivery.  Experience overseeing roadmap strategy and definition.  Experience with feature delivery and tradeoffs of a product.  Bachelors degree in a field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Business or similar, with at least 10 years professional experience.  Proven ability to manage competing priorities simultaneously and driving projects to completion.  Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively across teams.  Experience managing teams of 10 or more peopleA self-starter who loves using data to drive large scale improvementsGreat written and verbal communication skills ??can provide information to technical and non-technical stakeholders alike.  Foster culture of continuous product and analytics improvement through mentoring, feedback, and metricsDeliver vision for a suite of productsOwn and champion operational excellence through establishment of group-wide metrics for measurement with a consistent, regular process for assessment and improvementInterface with a diverse customer base to understand requirements, priorities, and processesSet clear, measurable quality goals for an organization in a data-driven wayHave the obsession to drive a better customer experience through everything that we do here at AmazonBring innovative ideas to the table every day, in order to find better ways of accomplishing our customer objectivesRaise the bar on functionality, flow, consistency, usability, and simplicity continually; guard the world-class supply chain experience at AmazonMentor and promote your team members.  Experience with supply chain planning.  Experience with analytics and statistical modeling.  Experience working with scientists and engineers on machine learning (ML) or artificial intelligence (AI).
 Expertise.  15+ years of management experience in IT.  10+ years of experience in leading security and compliance teams.  Experience in IT GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance).  Experience in dealing with regulators and auditors.  Expertise.  Excellent interpersonal communications skills to lead productive and collaborative meetings.  Excellent written and visual communications skills to produce concise and clear written solution design documents and solution presentations to stakeholders of varying seniority levels.  Experience with Vulnerability scanning, intrusion detection, static code analysis, identity and access management, secrets management, virtualization security, penetration testing, SecDevOps pipeline.  MS, or Ph.  Machine Learning, Deep-Learning, Artificial Intelligence experience as it relates to static code analysis, vulnerability detection or other security related research.  Containerization experience preferably Docker.  Cloud Orchestration experience, preferably Kubernetes.  Experiences.
 Are you an Innovative Service Desk Leader with Big Data Analytics experience, looking to join a passionate team of industry leading individuals focused on creating a new Big Data Analytics Platform?.  CACI is currently looking for an Applications Service Desk Manager (SDM) with Big Data Analytics experience to join our TALOS (Transforming All-Source Analysis with Location-Based Object Services) Program supporting the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) client located in Northern Virginia and Aurora, Colorado!.  Equivalent professional experience will be considered in lieu of degree.  7 plus years of experience overseeing the day-to-day activities of service-desk operations in support of an IT Service Management Operation.  Experience.  Experience providing management, implementing policies and procedures regarding how incidents and request are identified, received, documented, distributed, and completed.  Ability to design, test and deploy Remedy Self Service and remote support tools.  Experience providing data and reports of KPI's and trends to End User Service Director in daily reporting formats.  Exposure to increasing first call resolution, implementing self service capabilities and meeting service desk service level agreements.  Expertise in the Agile Software Development Life cycle.  Familiarity with service desk technologies including IT Service Management (prefer ServiceNow).  Demonstrated experience and proven success implementing changes, processes, and standards to improve an enterprise-wide service desk.  Experience fulfilling the DIA mission in support of the COCOMs.  Experience with Jira.  Experience providing performance-based customer service support against multiple performance metrics in the Federal Government.
 You would be managing a team of professionals utilizing advanced SQL skills, statistical analysis, and MS BI stack to achieve these objectives.  Organizing the metrics and dashboards setup for various areas of the business using MS BI Stack and other custom reporting tools.  Qualifications, Skills and Requirements.  3+ years of managerial experience in the BI field.  MA/MS or higher degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Applied Math, Physics, or other technical fields.  Strong MS SQL/MySQL skills.  Experience or deep understanding of Microsoft BI tools: SSRS, SSAS, SSIS, PowerBI.  Advanced MS Excel skills.  Experience solving analytical problems using other technical field approaches.  Excellent communication skills.  Proficiency in utilizing Google Analytics.  Experience in Ecommerce is a major plus.  Expertise/background in artificial intelligence/machine learning is a plus.  Some programming experience is a plus (PHP, C++, Javascript, VBA, or others).
 The Chief Cyber Architect is responsible investigating computer and information security incidents to determine extent of compromise to information and automated information systems, providing computer forensic and intrusion support to high technology investigations in the form of computer evidence seizure, computer forensic analysis, data recovery, and network assessments, researching and maintaining proficiency in tools, techniques, countermeasures, and trends in computer network vulnerabilities, data hiding and network security and encryption.  This role also involves collaboration within the operational unit on related programs and throughout Leidos to leverage experience and resources for mission-focused critical network programs.  Appropriate degree from an accredited college or equivalent combined experience/ education, with professional experience and specialized training commensurate with assignment.  20+ years cybersecurity experience securing systems, achieving DoD accreditations, and developing artifacts.  Strong analytical and problem solving skills, with the ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a team environment.  Demonstrated experience with Risk Management Framework (RMF), to include developing approaches, strategy, and implementation.  Demonstrated experience of achievement through customer collaboration, education and advice, leading to accreditation and improved cyber postures.  Demonstrated experience building customer relationships to enable achievement of objectives with a positive impact on cybersecurity posture.  Ability to travel on an as needed basis.  Knowledge of U.  Familiarity with current and emerging network, security, compute, and end user technologies including, but not limited to automation technologies and approaches, software-defined solutions, site reliability engineering, artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML).  Demonstrated experience with DoD cybersecurity programs and systems e.  ACAS, HBSS, eMASS.  Familiarity with DoD Joint Regional Security Stacks (JRSS).  Experience with Comply to Connect (C2C) solutions in DoD.  Knowledge of cloud based solutions, RMF control integrations, and enabling protective measures to enhance defensible capabilities.  Masters degree.  Demonstrated experience leading enterprise-level cybersecurity efforts involving architecture, design, development and deployment.  Knowledge of current technologies used for security control reviews, network and security services, including current endpoint security/EDR technologies.
 The Systems Architectures organization is comprised of over 35 senior level Systems Architects, with expertise architecting systems in the following areas: - Sensor Systems (Radar, Electronic Warfare, Signal Intelligence, Communications, Electro-Optical/Infrared, Multifunction RF) - Offensive and Defensive Cyber - Artificial Intelligence- High Performance Computing - Ground, Sea, Undersea, Air, and Space Systems The successful candidate will have experience in one or more of the above areas.  Bachelors of Science degree in a technical area and have a minimum of 8 years' experience in an engineering discipline (Systems, Software, or Hardware) - .  Experience in technical leadership (e. , IPT Lead, SEIT Lead, Chief Engineer) or management - Effective communication and presentation skills and high proficiency in technical problem solving - U.  Masters of Science in a technical area or Business Administration - Over 10 years' experience in systems engineering - Management or supervisory experience - .  Experience in System Architecture - Top Secret/SCI clearance or higher Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce.
 Ability to configure Business Process, Core HCM and Security functional areas within the Workday system.  Bachelor Degree in a technical discipline or equivalent work experience.  3+ years' experience with Workday integration capabilities with very deep understanding of Enterprise Information Builder (EIB) for inbound integrations.  Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills.  Strong interpersonal, collaboration, and problem-solving skills.  Proven communication skills, with well-developed verbal and written abilities.  Strong work ethic, intellectual curiosity, good judgment, mature, and positive attitude.  Ability to perform in fast-paced, high-pressure environment.
 Experience start-up at scale.  Collaborating with operational teams to build processes, make sure the workflow operates smoothly and efficiently, and initially enhancing the client experience.  Identifying areas of opportunity to enhance clients experience and work closely with other department leaders to drive initiatives and to execute on those opportunities.  Bachelor's degree.  3-5 years of experience in Project Management.  Localization (subtitling, dubbing) experience preferred.  Experience in media industry and post-production workflows.  Passionate about customer experience and customer service excellence.  Hands-on experience with digital media workflows is preferred.  Excellent communication skills with technical and non-technical individuals.
 Masters preferred; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  10 years of relevant software developer or software architect experience.  5+ years experience architecting and designing highly complex systems.  Excellent verbal, presentation and written communication skills for technical and non-technical audiences.  Experience with a cloud-based operations infrastructure (Microsoft Azure) and its services (Run Books, Virtual Machines, instrumentation, firewalls).  High proficiency with design patterns especially MVC.  Practical experience with containers (e.  High proficiency with C#, MFC, ASP.  Experience and understanding of SQL Server.  Experience and understanding of ASP.  Experience with network technologies (VPNs).  Experience and understanding of web and mobile app security best practices (oWASP).  Familiarity with AWS and GCP solutions architecture.  One of more of the following Certifications strongly desired:.  Microsoft Azure Certifications, or equivalent in AWS or GCP.  Expert certification.  Familiarity with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence.  Experience with mobile application POS (Google Play Store, Apple App Store).
 We are looking for a senior-level experienced leader, with a consistent record of attracting, hiring and retaining top talent.  Masters degree in an Engineering or Science field; additional informative experience in Data Science preferred.  At least 5-10 years of related experience in senior management positions with excellent knowledge in modeling and data analytics.  Experience in large semiconductor company in process technology, product technology, design, or systems level development.  Experience with data visualization techniques and concepts.  Expert knowledge of statistical programming languages such as ProgR, Python and SQL.  Experience crafting a Data Science Roadmap and executing the vision behind it.  Familiarity with common data modeling approaches and good understanding of how to deal with various datatypes, larger data sets and parallel computing problems.  Experience leading projects that span the fields of data science and data engineering using cluster computing environments such as Spark, Hadoop, other.  Preferred Skills:.  Strong analytical skills.  Excellent written and verbal English-language communication and presentation skills.  Proven track record to perform in an environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA).  Strong influencing skills and the ability to build strong interpersonal relationships.  Ability to assume high exposure responsibilities and interact with senior leadership.  Strong project management and organizational change skills and experience.  Ability to execute requests with strong attention to detail and strong time-management skills.  Experienced || Regular || Engineering || #LI-JF1 || Tier 5 ||.
 In short, our collective set of solutions make connected car, vehicle, and accident data actionable, informing decision-making, enhancing productivity, and helping customers deliver faster and better experiences for end consumers.  Bachelors degree in Law, Business, Accounting, Computer Science, relevant field, or equivalent practical experience.  15 years of relevant experience working in an advisory capacity with a focus on compliance or regulatory, and challenges related to security and privacy protection issues.  Experience building and managing a data privacy program.
 Ability to provide expert business presentations and first-pass product consultations regarding the advanced visualization and AI.  5+ years of hospital quota-based value selling experience in medical devices or healthcare software.  Experience in neuro-intervention, neurology, or neurosurgery sales call points background required.  Key Opinion Leader (KOL) Management experience.  Experience in subscription healthcare software technology sales preferred.  Proven consistent track record of sales success exceeding quarterly and yearly sales quota (consistent top performer sales accomplishment rankings).  Proven track record of success selling across multiple customer stakeholders.  Experience in selling to the hospital C-Suite (CEO, CFO, CIO, CMO) a strong plus.  BA/BS degree, MBA preferred, or equivalent job-related experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 Strong organization and multitasking skills.  BA/BS or equivalent working experience.
 By combining the companys patented AI platform, best-of-breed AI marketplace technology, and TeraRecon built image processing algorithms, our new AI suites transform what was once a stationary and cumbersome workflow into an intuitive, web-based, near-zero-click experience.  Experience leveraging existing relationships and building new ones, both internally and externally, will be paramount to success, and this individual should demonstrate a high degree of ownership and accountability.  At least 7 years experience successfully selling Enterprise advanced analytics, decision support software solutions.  Demonstrated experience selling enterprise subscription / SaaS solutions with annual recurring revenue of more than $250K.  Ability and desire to prospect and self-generate robust pipeline to achieve sales quota.  Ability to close deals.  Strong communicator with demonstrated written and verbal skills.  Strong work ethic, self-directed, and resourceful.  Strong customer references.  BA/BS degree, MBA preferred, or equivalent job-related experience.  Salary: Depending on qualifications and experience.
 College Degree or equivalent experience (BS + 5 years, AS + 6, HS + 7).  7-12 years of job related experience.
 Validate hours worked.  Strong customer service orientation.  Proven analytical and problem-solving abilities.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.  Ability to conduct research into PC and software issues and products as required.  Ability to present ideas in business-friendly and user-friendly language.  Experience:.  Experience: 5 or more years of professional experience supporting PC hardware and software systems.  At least two (2) years of team leadership experience in a Help Desk/Service Desk environment.
 Bachelors degree in engineering, business, management or related field from an accredited college/university is required.  Minimum 8 years experience in a Project/Program Management or Operations Management leadership roles; experience in the DoD industry is preferred.  Ability to discern pertinent information and its proper communication to leadership and stakeholders.  Proven ability to effectively manage and/or collaborate with others to achieve company goals.  Ability to take full ownership of the position and manage the workload independently and prioritize based on changing needs of the organization.  Highly proficient in MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook) and other technology tools.  Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment and ensure follow-through.  Ability to obtain a DoD clearance is highly desired (Secret or above).
 Must Have:.  Ability to communicate with the BA, SD and PMs, plan out milestone schedule.  Ability to run triage calls, assist business users, review scenarios with businessThe Capgemini Freelancer Gateway is enabled by a cutting-edge software platform that leads the contingent labor world for technology innovation.
 Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.  12+ years of technology experience.  3+ years of leadership experience in a technology environment.  3+ years of strategic planning and development experience.  3+ years of leadership experience in a production environment.  3 + years of experience creating and implementing strategic plans and roadmaps at the executive level for enterprise wide business initiatives.  5+ years of software engineering and implementation experience.  Experience managing large or multiple technology development efforts within a major line of business.  Ability to influence across all organizational levels, particularly senior management.  Ability to develop partnerships and collaborate with other business and functional areas.  Ability to influence and collaborate at all internal organizational levels.  Ability to negotiate, influence, and collaborate to build successful relationships.  Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment.  Ability to think strategically, implement, and deliver business objectives.  Ability to work cohesively and collaborate with analytic functions throughout the organization.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Strong analytical skills with ability to turn findings into executable plans to meet business objectives.  3+ years of FileNet experience.  3+ years of Documentum administration experience.  Ability to turn preliminary or ambiguous information, ideas, or problems into well-defined plans and solutions.  Engagement management experience.  12+ years of software engineering experience delivering enterprise systems.  Expert knowledge of data science concepts, services based architecture.  Ability to provide strategy, transformation, and technology fluency (experience delivering ops and technology) to.  Ability to rapidly explore new technologies to deliver innovative solutions integrating multiple software frameworks.  Strong experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Process Automation, Decision Sciences, Visualizations and.  Experience with multiple machine learning approaches, demonstrated understanding of the statistical and mathematical.  Proficiency in ECM technologies such as DocuSign, Opentext, etc.  Strong engagement management and delivery skills (i.  Demonstrated ability to collaborate and effectively partner/influence at the senior executive levelVirtual leadership experience with ability to effectively drive results, provide feedback/direction, and manage and build relationships with leaders and team members in a geographically dispersed team environmentSolid understanding and experience with budget and financial management principles, application and accountability.  Proven ability to solve critical unstructured technology processes and problems.  Ability to travel up to 30% of the time.
ai is redefining how artificial intelligence, human insight, and deep vertical expertise can produce personalized, satisfying customer experiences across all channels.  8+ years of Enterprise Sales experience.  Experience in selling SaaS software solutions and professional services.  Familiarity with messaging, digital and voice engagements, virtual agents, machine learning, API's, analytics and conversational AI.  Contact center experience a strong plus.  Experience in prospecting, replacing an incumbent and protecting the install base.  A proven track record of success and over achievement.  Excellent leadership and communications skills required.  Experience working collaboratively with multiple cross-functional teams to design and implement effective business proposals.  Bachelor's Degree, (MS/MBA, a plus) .  Excellent written, verbal, communication skills.
 It means delighting your users with an experience which makes them promoters of your product to their colleagues and other customers.  As a Senior Product Manager at iManage, you'll own the end-to-end experience for the product and are responsible for collaborating with the right teams to ensure that this experience comes to life.  Existing products like iManage Share and new collaboration products yet to be launched in the market, as well as the integration strategy with other collaborative technologies like MS Teams and Slack.  Synthesizing requirements into documented use cases and working with the user experience team to create intuitive features which delight users.  A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Knowledge of security with respect to cloud & content within the enterprise.  5+ years of experience as a product manager with a B2B (preferred) or B2C SaaS offering.  Experience communicating and forming relationships with key customers and prospects.  Excellent communication skills with an ability to articulate a product vision and messages both in writing and in person.  Analytical skills including the ability to conduct market research and competitive analysis.
, Business, Finance or other related fields or equivalent work experience.  Minimum of 10 years in sales operations experience.  Experience managing Sales Ops with demonstrated new sales track record & quota attainment.  Start-up and SaaS experience strongly preferred.  Ability to conduct sophisticated and creative analysis of complex data and translate the results into actionable deliverables, messages, and presentations.  Experience managing personnel and contributing toward the development of department strategy.  Strong problem solving and collaboration skills.  Experience in developing and making formal presentations to executive management.
 BS in Computer Science, or equivalent experience.  10+ years of combined experience in Product Management and Solutions architecture.  Proven track record for shipping/launching entirely new products/services and products/services customer adoption in the cloud.  Ability to define & shape the business strategy for large product areas.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Strong and experienced customer focus and engagement.  MS in a technical discipline/MBA.  Experience working on a public cloud service, and in-depth knowledge of IaaS/PaaS industry and competitive capabilities.  Experience working on AI-centric domains such as machine learning platforms or AI services.  Strong customer focus.  Hands-on experience conducting demonstrations (demos) using tools and related services that show the potential value of solutions.  Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development and product management.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  8 or more years of software engineering or related experience preferred.
 3+ years of experience working as a Business Analyst or related field.  5+ years of demonstrable experience working as a Project Manager.  3+ years of demonstrable experience leading Agile projects as a Scrum Master or Product Owner.  Experience with software development teams, local and distributed across different time zones.  Experience and love giving presentations and speaking in public.  Scrum Master, Product Owner or PMI certification.  Experience, Bachelor degree in business or related field or an MBA.
 Ability to take on increasing management responsibility and project ownership.  Experience in cross-functional teams and ability to influence people at a variety of levels.  12+ years of experience in a large fast paced environment leveraging strong analytical skills coupled with good business acumenAdvanced MS Office skills specifically with Excel, SharePoint and PowerPoint.  Experience developing technology strategy, business cases and execution plans to achieve business goalsCustomer Obsession: Committed to have a customer first approach.  Experience and passion for learning (technical and soft skills); implementing practices from others; trying, failing and learning from that; sharing practices and knowledge for others' benefit.  Ability to solve complex challenges for customers and have a high ability to solve internal and external barriers understanding internal and external organizational structures, dynamics and tradeoffsIntellectual Aspirations: This role will require continuous learning.  Experience in influencing Senior Leadership teams to drive strategy and investmentsCollaborative: .  Strong relationship-building and negotiation skills.  Excellent Communicator: Able to distill widely variant feedback into root cause issues and provide actionable feedback to other stakeholders.  Excellent technical and business presentation, writing, and verbal communication skills.  Technical breadth: Enterprise customer level experience with Cloud technologies, Artificial Intelligence, Data Landscape, Architecture Designs, Open Source Technologies, Industry Standards and demonstrated ability to integrate new technologies on premise as well as on the cloudIndustry Builder: Understand capabilities of, strategically be able to work with, influence cohesively, build and grow internal and external communities and partnersJPMorgan Chase & Co.
 We are seeking individuals with a unique blend of research and operational experience, in order to apply machine learning models and deep learning approaches to the problem of recognition in complex environments given sparse or limited training data.  Advanced degree in machine learning (Ph. D highly desired) or a related discipline, such as artificial intelligence and/or in key domain areas including Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Petroleum Engineering Geosciences, Material Science with a focus and experience with applied machine learning/artificial intelligence.  At least ten years of specialized experience innovating analytical techniques and performing analytical functions using machine-learning libraries and approaches.  Knowledge of state-of-the-art methods coupled with the creativity and intelligence to advance beyond them.  Strong data analysis skills using ProgR, or a comparable platform, and one programming language, e.  Undergraduate or graduate degree in Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Petroleum Engineering, Geosciences, Material Science.  Prior experience as a project lead, preferably as PI.  Familiarity with existing deep learning libraries (e.  Prior experience with several of the following models and/or methods for supervised, semi-supervised, and unsupervised machine learning: Logistic Regression, Linear Regression, Support Vector Machines, Convolutional Neural Networks, Hidden Markov Models, Conditional Random Fields, Markov Chain Monte Carlo methods, and/or clustering methods such as Latent Dirichlet Allocation.  Experience in GPU development (including GPGPU iOS).  Ability to obtain a DOE Q Clearance.
 Proven ability to motivate, align, and manage high performing, happy and empowered developers.  Desired Skills and .  Experience.  Strong technical understanding in building Scalable high Performance services.  Proven track record on running Operations for a Cloud Service.  Experience working with Distributed Systems.  AI / ML systems and Heterogeneous Databases Operations experience a plus.  At least 15+ years of software development experience of which 2-4 years of cloud services development environment.  5+ years of senior management experience.  BS or MS in Computer Science or related technical field.  Strong communication skills, analytical skills, thorough understanding of product development.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  8 or more years of software engineering or related experience.
 The Microsoft Teams Calling, Meetings and devices (CMD) group is focused on brining intelligent, real-time connected/collaboration experiences across Web, Windows, Mac, iOS and Android Teams clients.  Additionally, this team is responsible for bringing these calling and meeting experiences to new hardware that gets used in conference rooms, personal and common area phones.  We work on a varied set of challenges spanning many computer engineering domains: user experience, high availability services, security, machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, developer ecosystem etc.  We are looking for experienced Engineering Manager to help us lead this effort in making Teams Meeting a first class experience used by millions of people worldwide and building a high performance eng team.  10+ years of software development experience in at least one of the following languages: C++, C#, Java, TypeScript, AngularJS and/or ReactJS, or other OO language, out of which 4 years as EM.  BS Degree in CS or related engineering field.  Excellent architecture and services skills.  Strong passion for delivering high quality, large scale services.  Ability to ramp up quickly on new technologies and adopt solution from within the company or from the Open Source community.  Experience with deploying, running and maintaining large scale services.
3+ years of relevant work experience in Program Management.  Experience coordinating complex product development cycles and software development schedules ??strong, proven project management skills.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Ability to work autonomously in a highly demanding and often ambiguous environment, with attention to detail and organizational skills.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  Masters Degree.  Experience with platforms and development tools.  Proven ability to manage multiple, competing priorities simultaneously and ability to work in a fast-paced environment where continuous innovation is desired.  Ability to think strategically and execute methodically.  Proven analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and develop project business cases.  Proven track-record of taking ownership and driving results.  Ability to work autonomously in a highly demanding and often ambiguous environment, with attention to detail and organizational skills.
Automation Anywhere is a global leader in Robotic Process Automation (RPA), empowering customers to automate end-to-end business processes with software bots ??digital workers that perform repetitive and manual tasks, resulting in dramatic productivity gains, optimized customer experience and more engaged employees.  As a Principal Architect, you will be a key member of our Enterprise Engineering team, and will have a pivotal role in providing a best in class UI experience.  Play an active role in all aspects of defining the experience of a new application including identification of user needs, prototyping, iterative end user validation and testing/supporting produced code.  Strong understanding of the E2E request/response cycle between client and server (HTTP, Server side, browser internals) for delivering blazing fast, high performance applications.  Experience in Swift/iOS/Android/Kotlin a huge plus.
 Create optimum conditions for the people in the team and for their personal development, to enable them to design and develop innovations in Oncology that improve outcomes, reduce cost of care and/or improve patient and staff experience.  To succeed in this role, you should have the following skills and experience.  and/or MD with 7+ years of experience or a Master's with 10+ years of experience;.  Degree in e.  Experienced in Oncology, preferably in informatics, especially in advanced digital methods, such as AI, NLP and Data Science, as well as in the creation of solutions and services;.  Have experience with industrial research in the healthcare domain and a consistent track record collaborating with clinical partners;.  Experience leading innovative projects while balancing the tension between long term roadmaps vs.  Our people experience a variety of unexpected moments when their lives and careers come together in meaningful ways.
 Your experience includes:.  3-5 years of experience in an administrative or support function.
 Develop and launch machine learning centric products and services that help our broader business, while being conscientious and cautious of impacts on core user experience.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:.  Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance.  Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner.  BA/BS from a leading undergraduate institution in CS/EE/General Engineering or Economics/Physics/Psychology/Math.  3+ years of product management or product marketing experience at a consumer or enterprise technology company.  Experience building and applying ML technologies to large scale problems.  Experience with product design, software development, or interaction design.  Experience with brands and agencies in the digital advertising space.  Familiarity with SQL, Python, ProgR, Minitab, or SPSS.
 Bachelor's degree in a technical field (Engineering, Computer Science or Math/Statistics) with 4+ years relevant experience in project management.  Experience in delivering small to large software solutions.  Strong client-focused management and communication skills.  Experience with Data Analytics within projects.  Experience reporting on revenue (continuous forecasting and tracking) for projects.  Experience leading Agile and SaaS project implementations.  Experience with project management of multiple ongoing projects, strong multi-tasking.  Strong Written communication and presentation ability.  Experience using Tenrox, Oracle, Quickbase, MS Project and Excel.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field.  2+ years experience or combination experience, education, & superior performance.  Knowledge of technology.  Ability to plan and deliver products in an agile environment.  Ability to gather and transform product feedback into actionable requirements.  Knowledge of Scrum principles.  Knowledge of the commercial, small business banking, treasury, consumer space in relation to both processes and regulations.
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or closely related field or equivalent practical experience.  4 years of experience leading software engineering teams (mentoring junior engineers, setting technical direction, etc.  Large systems software design and development experience, including experience in Unix/Linux.  Hands-on programming experience in one of the following: Java, C++ or Python.  10 years of relevant work experience, including 6 years of industry experience.  Experience with problem-solving and technical innovation.  Ability to manage a team of engineers including task planning and design reviews.  Excellent communication skills.  People management skills, experience in mentoring and coaching team members.
 Ability to prioritize and collaborate, managing multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently.  Strong communicator, with a highly articulate and firm understanding of the English language (spoken and written).  Ability to collaborate with technical experts and SMEs across the company and bring much of their expertise to life in various content forms ??.  Experience with video content and podcasts a plus.  Ability to prioritize and collaborate, managing multiple projects simultaneously and efficiently.  Strong communicator, with a highly articulate and firm understanding of the English language (spoken and written).  Ability to collaborate with technical experts and SMEs across the company and bring much of their expertise to life in various content forms.  Experience with video content and podcasts a plus.  Experience:.  7-10 years of journalism, brand, or story-telling experience, with 2+ in a leadership role.  Direct experience with SEO.  Experience in crafting and managing an ongoing strategy that maps content to usage cases and various stages of the buyers journey.
 Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 4 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 4 years directly related experience.  General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.
 Technical Skills & Requirements:.  Masters degree or equivalent with technical background preferred.  Experience Desired (Supply Chain/Logistics experience preferred).  5-7 years of program management or product management experience required.  Familiar with MS Project (or similar), Excel and Visio.  Excellent peer collaboration in person and in writing.  Ability to effectively manage time and tasks under constraints.
 Masters or PhD in a biomedical science or related field or, advanced degree or combination of relevant education, training, and/or experience.  Typically, two or more years of experience in area of specialization.  Experience with developing, editing, and reviewing of grant applications.  Experience with science writing and successful applications for grants, from development/editing to budget development.  Knowledge of federal funding agencies, e.  Experience with science writing and budget development related to grant applications.  Excellent oral, written, and analytical skills, exhibiting fluency in area of specialization.  Ability to work effectively with diverse faculty with diverse needs and working styles in an academic setting.  Ability to consistently meet deadlines.  Ability to manage multiple projects and prioritize them accordingly.  Knowledge of federal funding agencies, e.  Bachelor's degree and three or more years of relevant experience or combination of education, training, and relevant experience.  For jobs with financial responsibilities, experience managing a budget and developing financial plans.  Ability to develop program partnerships and funding sources.  Excellent oral, written, and analytical skills, exhibiting fluency in area of specialization.  Ability to oversee and direct staff.  Ability to use voice to present information/communicate with others.  Interpersonal Skills: .
 Experience working with the Consumer Packaged Goods industry (either on the manufacturer or retailer side) or in consulting roles a strong plusGood interpersonal skills both in person and on the phone and ability to build rapport.  Strong organizational and project management skills even in ambiguous situations.  Ability to quickly learn and understand customer business operational needs and ability to align our services and projects to meet themSolid analytical capabilities - able to understand and manipulate data in Excel and other tools, generate insightful graphs, and engage with customers on value and data use for their purposesSolid presentation abilities - both to generate in Powerpoint and give to customers and prospects.  Ability to present, promote and sell our solution and its capabilities to a range of audiencesComfort and solid abilities across modern office applications - presentations, spreadsheets, documents, dashboards, video conferencing, etc. Entrepreneurial drive, broad skillset, strong desire to help company succeed and a bias for actionBachelor's degree in a relevant fieldAt times, significant travel may be requiredPosition is ideally based in Austin, Texas but not a solid requirementJob Type: Full-timeCOVID-19 considerations:The health and safety of our employees are important to us.  Experience:information/data as a service or SaaS: 2 years (Preferred)CPG: 2 years (Preferred)customer-facing enterprise: 2 years (Required)Education:Bachelor's (Required)Schedule:Monday to FridayCompany's website:www.
 Bachelor's Degree in Operations Research, Economics, Business, Engineering, or Sciences.  10+ Years of Biotechnology, pharmaceutical or similar highly regulated industry including experience in operations with engagement in Operational and Business support functions.  Ability to effectively influence leadership.  Excellent oral and written communication skills.  Ability to think strategically and to translate strategy into actions.  Ability to prioritize and provide clear direction to team members in a highly dynamic environment.
 The ideal candidate will have extensive experience in applying best practices to service delivery in a similar, large enterprise environment and a track record of meeting or exceeding contractual service level agreements.  Bachelor's degree with at least eight (8) years of relevant experience, with at least four (4) years of team leadership experience in a Help Desk/Service Desk environment.  Experience:.  Customer Service experience required.  Strong communication skills (written and verbal).
 Possess in-depth working knowledge and hands-on development experience in building Distributed Big Data Solutions including ingestion, caching, processing, consumption, logging & monitoring.  Experience with Cloud Storage infrastructure, and operationalizing AWS-based storage services & solutions preferably S3 or related.  Required Skills & .  Experience.  8-10 year experience in data warehouse development, data modeling, data lake design, IT service portfolios & migration.  Experience ??AWS or Azure.  Must have experience working in Commercial Pharma/Life Sciences domain.  Excellent at both verbal and written communications (must be able to represent Axtria and lead discussions with both technical and business leaders in the organization).  Excellent troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.  Strong aptitude toward problem solving and working with large data sets.  Proven ability to handle multiple projects while meeting deadlines and documenting progress towards those deadlines.
 We are currently hiring for a Business Analyst having pharma experience for our key Life Science clients.  Success in this role will require experience working as a current or former report developer.  This position requires familiarity with SQL, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, and Testing related implementations.  Expertise and significant hands-on (design and development) experience in at least 5 big data technologies.  Experience in managing and building solution on AWS cloud environment.  Must be able to guide team members in analysis.
 Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications.  Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Math or a related field.  Minimum years of work experience: 8+ years.  Required Skills.  6+ years of programming experience using Java, Scala or Python.  2+ years of experience with healthcare data standards (HL7 2.  Expertise in developing APIs and Web Services.  Experience with Relational Database Systems.  Experience with Big Data and related technologies.  Experience with XML, JSON, and related formats.  Experience with security-based best practices for SDLC.  Experience and proficiency in being an active member of an Agile/Scrum Team.  Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  Ability to handle multiple responsibilities with rapidly changing priorities and deadlines.  Ability to interact with and accept direction from multiple managers and clients.  Ability to work independently.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Ability to define, plan and manage projects and supporting personnel.  Preferred Skills.  Experience developing secure, highly available, cloud applications (Azure).  Experience with SQL Server and Azure SQL.  Experience with OAuth2.  Experience in developing interfaces with one of more of the major EHR systems.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, or Crucible a plus (Atlassian toolset).  Experience with Git/Bitbucket and Eclipse.  Experience collaborating with teams across multiple geographic locations and time zones.  Familiarity with Behavioral Driven Development (BDD).  Experience working in a cross-domain environment involving Java and other Open Source platforms.
 Knowledge, Skills, and Qualifications.  Education: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Math or a related field.  Minimum years of work experience: 8+ years.  Required Skills.  Ability to lead, organize, and manage projects beginning to end that require coordinated efforts across multiple functions.  Experience leading and working closely with local and remote development teams.  Proven success in hiring and mentoring highly effective software teams.  Experience leading an Agile/Scrum Team.  3+ years of programming experience using Java, Scala or Python.  1+ years of experience with healthcare software.  Knowledge of one or more cloud platform service like Azure, AWS or GCP.  Experience with security-based best practices for SDLC.  Ability to interact with and accept direction from multiple managers and clients.  Ability to work independently.  Excellent written and oral communication skills.  Ability to multitask with proven tight deadline experience in a fast paced and dynamic environment.  Preferred Skills.  Experience developing secure, highly available, cloud applications (Azure).  Experience in developing interfaces with one of more of the major EHR systems.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence, Bamboo, or Crucible a plus (Atlassian toolset).  Experience with Git/Bitbucket and Eclipse.  Familiarity with Behavioral Driven Development (BDD).  Experience working in a cross-domain environment involving Java and other Open Source platforms.
 Must.  5+ years of software product marketing experience.  Excellent people and management skills to interact with staff, colleagues and cross-functional teams, and third parties.  Ability to think strategically and analytically.  Experience launching products to market.  Experience working with partners/business development.  Firsthand experience in a company amidst rapid growth.  Bachelors Degree in business or marketing, .  Masters desired.  Must be able to sit for long periods of time (up to 8 hours a day).
 Will have a proven ability to work in a team environment and build relationships at executive, senior technical management and key contributor levels to create, drive and close multi-million-dollar, complex, technical sales campaigns.  Minimum education of a bachelors degree with a strong preference for advanced degree in engineering, computer science.  Minimum 10 years of sales and/or business development experience.
 Must.  5+ years project management experience in health information technology industry.  Experience in a consultative role.  Exceptional customer relationship skills ??proven ability to collaborate and communicate with both technical and non-technical personnel, including C-suite level client contracts.  Experience supporting a sales process into healthcare organizations and providers.  Ability to support DICOM, PACS and their connectivity/integration issues with our platform.  Experience staging and delivering technical demonstrations and proof of concept evaluations.  Experience with cloud-based product deployment.  Firsthand experience in a company amidst rapid growth.  Must be able to sit for long periods of time (up to 8 hours a day).  Knowledge of all support/service procedures and processes to be able to monitor the implementation and usage of these procedures when Supervisor is unavailableWhen Technical Customer Support is unavailable, respond to customers by collaborating with other department heads as needed.
 Do you want to be part of a brand new product team trying to change the world? Join us to build breakthrough conversational consumer experience.  User experience design (interaction and visual design) and/or conversational experience design, and Interactive design prototyping.  Create the vision for developing, communicating, and implementing the user experience and associated UI framework and assets on a range of products; follow through with the processes and tactics to fulfill the vision.  Oversee close coordination with the product management team to develop a shared vision of a product and then lead a process to define the experience and design to deliver on the product's objectives.  Envision, design and communicate inspiring concepts and concrete solutions for Conversation Design experiences for a variety of platforms (speech, text, visuals and combinations of these), based on deep understanding of customers.  Develop comprehensive plans to drive strategic user research and effectively collect and use customer feedback to improve the user experience of our products and platform.  Bachelor's Degree required.  Degree in digital design, graphic design, human-computer interaction (HCI), or equivalent professional experience.  12+ years professional experience as an interactive designer / user experience designer; experience in human computer interaction.  Proven work experience as a UX/UI Designer of commerce mobile apps.  A portfolio demonstrating your process and expertise in designing (and delivering) delightful products and experiences targeted to a professional audience.  Experience in data-driven analytics capabilities and an understanding of current speech and language technologies.  Experience shipping consumer products.  Experience working across teams to synthesize feedback and input from product management, engineering, and marketing.  Experience presenting to and influencing senior management.
 General Dynamics Mission Systems (GDMS) engineers a diverse portfolio of high technology solutions, products and services that enable customers to successfully execute missions across all domains of operation.  Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering is preferred.  In addition, a minimum of 4 years directly related experience is required.  What youll experience:.  A High School diploma or the equivalent required; Associates degree in Electronics, Computer Science, Mechanical engineering preferred.  Minimum of 4 years directly related experience.
 Experience design team to increase products usability.  10+ years of software development experience building enterprise customer facing products and services.  Must have a track record of building, deploying and scaling distributed, highly available, large scale, high performing multi-tenant SaaS applications.  Must have sound understanding of failure modes, resiliency patterns, and techniques to enable robust, self-healing architecture.  Must have experience building micro-services and customer facing APIs.  Experience and expertise in Java technologies eco-system (spring, JPA, JMS??.  Experience working with JavaScript technologies (React, Angular, Ember??.  Mastery in database technologies including RDBMS and NoSQL databases (PostGres / MySQL / Cassandra) and experience writing high performing queries.  Experience and skills in global deployment patterns using cloud technologies and container technologies.  Proven expertise and passion for continuous development - CI/CD.  Experience with at least one public cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure or GCP.  Master of Science in Computer Science/Software Engineer or an equivalent graduate degree.  Experience in other languages such as C++, Go and Python.  Experience with Threat Modeling and Architecture Risk Analysis is a plus;.
 It means delighting your users with an experience which makes them promoters of your product to their colleagues and other customers.  As a Senior Product Manager at iManage, you'll own the end-to-end experience for the product and are responsible for collaborating with the right teams to ensure that this experience comes to life.  Existing products like iManage Share and new collaboration products yet to be launched in the market, as well as the integration strategy with other collaborative technologies like MS Teams and Slack.  Synthesizing requirements into documented use cases and working with the user experience team to create intuitive features which delight users.  A bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science or related field.  Knowledge of security with respect to cloud & content within the enterprise.  5+ years of experience as a product manager with a B2B (preferred) or B2C SaaS offering.  Experience communicating and forming relationships with key customers and prospects.  Excellent communication skills with an ability to articulate a product vision and messages both in writing and in person.  Analytical skills including the ability to conduct market research and competitive analysis.
 Expertise and significant hands-on (design and development) experience in at least 5 big data technologies.  Experience in managing and building solution on AWS cloud environment.  Must be able to guide team members in analysis.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or related field.  5+ years experience building successful technology products.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Proven track record of understanding customer needs, taking a product from conception, definition phase through Engineering design and Go to marketTrack record of high-scale technology launches ??e. Sound business judgment, proven ability to influence others, and strong analytical thinking skillsExceptional interpersonal and communication skills and the ability to navigate a complex and unstructured cross-functional environment.  Strong writing and speaking skillsFunctional experience and depth with contact center technologiesSharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of delivery.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectivelyUnderstand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.
 Familiarity with many technologies, hands-on data engineering, data modelling, data science concepts and processes with a strong knowledge of their capabilities and limitations; in-depth knowledge of all areas of data management and data modelling and the resources available to deliver projects or programs.  Strong understanding of the current and future state external real world data assets, data vendors, technology and applications.  Strong expertise in health informatics, including familiarity with health outcomes databases, electronic health records, clinical trial data, biomarker data sets and clinical trial registries.  Masters, PhD or MD) with a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience OR a .  Bachelors degree with a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline is required.  Experience negotiating with stakeholders.  Demonstrated experience creating new programs and products with high impact.  Strong understanding of health care data standards such as OMOP, Snomed, ICD, LOINC, CDISC, OMICS etc.  Strong understanding of and demonstrated expertise in health care data analytic methods / biostatistics is required.  Experience with SQL R/Python/SAS scripting, data modelling and data transformation skillset is required.
 Evidence (CORE) is looking for an Associate Director of Data Sciences & Strategic Partnerships with expertise in data sciences and informatics to contribute to the development, exchange, and communication of evidence that demonstrates the value of our Company's pharmaceuticals and vaccines and provides our customers (payers, providers, patients, policy makers) with transformative insights.  Leading value analytic and informatics initiatives in the Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics (OHDSI), Healthcare Information Management Systems Society (HIMSS), and/or American Medical Informatics Association (AMIA) communities.  Evidence Sub-team) and the product development lifecycle, bring a flexible mindset with the ability to identify, generate, and evaluate alternatives best suited to business needs, and have entrepreneurial and intellectual curiosity applied to understanding and utilization of human health data.  Masters Degree or Doctoral Degree in business, economics, epidemiology, genetics, health services research, informatics, biostatistics, computer science, engineering, public health, policy, medicine, or a related discipline.  Experience and Skills:.  3+ years hands on experience in the design and implementation of quantitative science methods in the healthcare industry.  Experience and Skills:.  Experience applying artificial intelligence, predictive analytics, and emerging technologies.  Leadership experience in the OHDSI, HIMSS, and/or AMIA communities.  Experience developing health and medical informatics.  Experience in business development.  We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific.
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience is required plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field or equivalent experience plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience; or Master's degree plus 3 years of relevant experience.  Strong background with deploying and maintaining RedHat Linux/CentOS Client/Server environments.  Experience with implementing Linux security controls to maintain system compliance.  Experience with deploying and maintaining Windows Client/Server environments.  Experience with implementing Windows security controls to maintain system compliance.
.
 10+ years of experience in delivery management of commercial product software.  5+ years of hands-on experience in implementing and growing agile and Scaled Agile(SAFe) for large global software engineering teams.  Expertise and experience in working with Jira/Atlassian(or other such) tools.  Experience with the implementation of cloud software managing large, complex projects in a high-tech development environment with multi-disciplinary teams.  Excellent facilitation, conflict mediation, and situational awareness skills.  Excellent communication, written and verbal.  Technical background with experience of software development / design / testing.
 Expert to join our team in Quantico, VA.  Successful applicants will have the following skills and experience:.  Additionally, below are required skills, experience, education and/or certifications:.  5+ years experience as an Oracle Database Administrator.  Masters Degree in Computer Sciences, Artificial Intelligence or related field.  Must be able to obtain interim Secret clearance.
 Experience in various production environments, from small to large, including a broadcast or media production facility.  Expert in multiple cameras, single camera, and web-streaming workflows.  Experience as a broadcast switcher for livestream and live to tape (ex.  Ability to work independently (self-starting) who works well with others, in a fast-paced, dynamic studio environment.  Ability to work under pressure and keep a cool head, fostering a positive creative environment.  Expert knowledge and understanding of production equipment: cameras, lights, switchers, encoders, audio boards, etc.
 With robust offerings aligned with market trends such as automation, cloud, Internet of Things (IoT) and user experience (UX), the company has been recognized with several awards in the area of innovation.  This leader will create and own implementation of a global IT support transformation roadmap, conduct end user workshops, promote end user enablement of tools and self-service, identify opportunities for persona and bi-modal initiatives such as biometrics, social platforms and other technologies to improve the end user experience, and manage and mature solutions and strategies to drive service improvement to a global customer base.  Will be expected to have knowledge and experience leading large global teams, provide thought leadership, possess IT and workplace services expertise, customer experience management skills, and a mindset to continuously drive improvements in cost efficiencies and process improvement.  Strong verbal and written communication skills.  Strong relationship management skills.   Previous experience of Transition/ Transformation projects.  Ability to lead and manage large complex global projects.  Strong knowledge of IT functions, Global ITO Outsourcing, Self-motivated, able to work independently and reliably.  Bachelors degree required, Master's or graduate certifications preferred.  Typically requires less than 1-2 years of Management experience.  Experience in customer experience management.  Experience in business and digital transformation initiatives.  Ability to collaborate with internal and external global stakeholders and engage with them to drive transformations to completion.
 Also, you will bring hands-on operational experience with data scientists & software engineers; plus commercial product development & release background.  You will have experience in a data science consulting environment with the ability to manage client expectations and ensure the timely delivery of work products.  10+ year's experience building complex, commercial technology organizations on both product and service organizations.  Proven ability to build, lead and manage software engineering & data science teams.  Proven ability take an organization through fundraising activities.  Experience building and leading relationships with key customers.  Experience and passion for driving the sales process and creating new opportunities.  Experience in developing and implementing strategic partnerships.  Knowledge of machine learning and AI, and the ability to speak on it.  Experience in startups, rapid prototyping, and innovating in a small, dynamic group, focused on bringing cutting edge technical solutions to solve a diverse set of commercial and business environments.
 Create a positive team member experience.  Experience:.  A bachelor's degree or master's degree in software engineering, information systems (MIS) or computer science is strongly preferred.  Other STEM degrees with relevant work experience or coursework are also encouraged to apply.  Strong track record of delivering multiple enterprise-grade automation solutions.  Knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of algorithms in the Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning, Reinforcement Learning and Intelligent Control fields.  Eight years of Process Excellence experience (Lean Six Sigma Green/Black Belt is a plus).  Three years of management experience with increasing accountability for client-facing project outcomes.  Technical Skills:.  Ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders at all levels.  Ability to engage with teams throughout the organization around Process Automation / Process Management technologies.  Knowledge of BPMN and other process modeling languages.  Knowledge of UML and other requirements modeling languages.  Knowledge of BPM, RPA, and reporting tools (command of at least one).  Ability to manage in agile/scrum development environment.  Valid drivers license required.
 Designing and building BI strategies for strong user experience and adoption while providing data and insights to drive key business decisions.  Expert in best practices, delivery and the BI Strategy.  Have a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Finance, Statistics or related discipline, or an equivalent in education and experience.  7+ years of relevant experience in a business intelligence role, including data warehousing and BI tools, techniques and technology.  5+ years of experience using BI reporting tools, including creation and automation of enterprise scaled dashboards, reports, scorecards and ad-hoc reporting solutions.  Experience in managing, designing and delivering large cross functional custom reporting solutions preferably in Power BI Premium.  Experience leading and developing a data driven culture and leading a community of practice.  Possess a strong foundation in data analytics, data-mining and SQL, preferably MS SQL/TSQL.  Have experience using an agile methodologies and tracking tools (Rally, Jira etc.  Strong commitment to data governance and security.  Strong problem solving skills, logically and systematically.  Experience in driving organizational change.  Restaurant experience a plus.  With more than 70,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry.  Food served fast doesn t have to be a typical fast food experience.
 While a lot of experience developing software in a professional environment are required, we need a person who is able to learn new things quickly.  Therefore, previous experience with HL7, FHIR and/or similar data exchange protocols used in the medical sector are a must.  Experience designing or working on cloud services or other highly scalable & reliable software is a plus.  Ability to communicate clearly and succinctly both in written and spoken English is a must.  Experience working with a distributed team is a plus.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Software development at senior experience level.  in Computer Science or relevant work experience.  Experience: 8+.  Required Skills:.  Minimum 3 years of experience with medical data exchange protocols, 5 years of software development experience.  Experience in solution development utilizing HL7, FHIR or similar medical data exchange protocols.  Ability to get things done.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Ability to work in distributed locations across world.  Preferred Skills:.  Server development experience;.  UX / Usability engineering experience;.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence (Atlassian toolset).  Familiarity with Git based version control systems.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.
 While a lot of experience developing software in a professional environment are required, we need a person who is able to learn new things quickly.  Therefore, previous experience with HL7, FHIR and/or similar data exchange protocols used in the medical sector are a must.  Experience designing or working on cloud services or other highly scalable & reliable software is a plus.  Ability to communicate clearly and succinctly both in written and spoken English is a must.  Experience working with a distributed team is a plus.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Software development at senior experience level.  in Computer Science or relevant work experience.  Experience: 8+.  Required Skills:.  Minimum 3 years of experience with medical data exchange protocols, 5 years of software development experience.  Experience in solution development utilizing HL7, FHIR or similar medical data exchange protocols.  Ability to get things done.  Excellent verbal and written communications skills in English.  Ability to work in distributed locations across world.  Preferred Skills:.  Server development experience;.  UX / Usability engineering experience;.  Familiarity with JIRA, Confluence (Atlassian toolset).  Familiarity with Git based version control systems.  Experience working with Agile methodologies.
 Proficiency in Python or Java or C/C++.  You have prior experience working on distributed systems.  You have experience with production operations and good practices for putting quality code in production and troubleshoot issues when they arise.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 You have experience in some of the following domains: Algorithms, Architecture, Artificial Intelligence, Database Systems, Data Mining, Distributed Systems, Machine Learning, Networking, Statistics, Game Theory, Auction Design, or other experience with rigorous Quantitative Analysis or Systems Software implementation.  You have experience developing in Python or Java.  You will lead a team of world-class machine learning engineers hungry to apply leading-edge technologies to deliver extraordinary experiences to our customers.  At Ad Platforms, we are constantly developing products to provide amazing user experiences and drive value for publishers and developers.  Experience.  BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Distributed Systems, Software Engineering, or related field; and experience designing, building, maintaining, and extending web-scale production systems.  Experience leading teams that deliver the infrastructure, frameworks, and components that support mission critical ML capabilities.
 Apply expert software engineering skills to build Natural Language products to improve automation and improve user experiences leveraging unstructured data storage, Entity Recognition, POS Tagging, ontologies, taxonomies, data mining, information retrieval techniques, machine learning approach, distributed and cloud computing platforms.  Experience Youll Need (Required):.  MS degree or above in Computer Science, Computational linguistics, Mathematics, Physics or related STEM fields.  5+ years of Industry experience related to Unstructured Text Data and NLP (PhD work and internships will be considered if they are related to unstructured text in lieu of industry experience).  Strong understanding of mathematical concepts including but not limited to linear algebra, Advanced calculus, partial differential equations and statistics including Bayesian approaches.  Strong programming experience including understanding of concepts in data structures, algorithms, compression techniques, high performance computing, distributed computing, and various computer architecture.  Good understanding and experience with traditional data science approaches like sampling techniques, feature engineering, classification and regressions, SVM, trees, model evaluations.  Experience with developing and deploying products in production with experience in two or more of the following languages (Python, C++, Java, Scala).  Strong Unix/Linux background and experience with at least one of the following cloud vendors like AWS, Azure, and Google.  Hands on experience with one or more of high-performance computing and distributed computing like Spark, Dask, Hadoop, CUDA distributed GPU.  Thorough understanding of deep learning architectures and hands on experience with one or more frameworks like tensorflow, pytorch, keras.  Hands on experience with libraries and tools like Spacy, NLTK, Stanford core NLP Genism, johnsnowlabs.  A PhD degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Computational Linguistics, Machine Learning, or related technical field.  Exposure to linguistic background especially language models.  Lucene, Solr, Elastic Search experience.  Experience with Kubernetes and dockers.  Experience building REST APIs for AI work and knowledge of microservices architecture.  Experience managing a team of offshore developers.
 Required Skills:.  Must have a .  Bachelors Degree in relevant field.  Must be a US Citizen.  Must possess an Active Secret Clearance and the ability to obtain a Top-Secret Clearance with SCI.  10+ years of management experience; prior technical project management experience required.  Experience leading technical and non-technical teams in the many components of project management such as: financial management, program documentation, scheduling, deployment, customer service, quality control, and others.  UAS (MQ-1/MQ-9) Operations and program management experience.  Experience working with the US Air Force unmanned aerial system programs of record.  Experience or familiarity with AI/ML.  Experience or familiarity with autonomous vehicle development and testing.  Experience in detailed technical requirements gathering, interpretation, analysis, and validation.  Experience in project planning, scheduling, and preparing detailed products regarding program status.  Experience managing subcontractors; managing multiple, diverse, and non-traditional subcontractors is a plus.  Ability to effectively communicate and share knowledge with contacts at all level, both technical and non-technical.  Knowledge of sensor imaging systems and products and familiarity with AI/ML learning applications, integration, and testing/evaluation standards.  Experience working with multiple stakeholders in the customer space and managing competing priorities.  Must demonstrate flexibility and the ability to change directions rapidly when required.  Must be a self-starter with the ability to recognize client and team needs.  Desired Skills:.  Masters Degree highly preferred in technical area or business/project management.  Program leadership experience in MQ-9 design, production, and/or operations.  Experience managing or participating in MQ-9 operations to include developmental test and evaluation (DT&E).  Experience working with cloud technologies (Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, etc.  Experience working with Department of Defense (DoD) organizations or performers.  Familiarity with intelligence community collection and exploitation techniques.
 Experience: BA 4 - 9.
 Experience: BA 7 - 12.
 Knowledge Management System (KMS), Disaster recovery, Commvault and additional third-party technologies based on Government requirements.  Experience installing, configuring, administering and troubleshooting WAN acceleration technologies such as Riverbed products and hands-on experience with KG-175 and KG-250 series of National Security Agency (NSA) encryptors in classified and coalition networks and working knowledge of management software such as GEM X and ViaSat VINE Manager.  Experience in multivendor firewall Ports, Protocols, and Services Management (PPSM), working knowledge of system provisioning, network connection requirements.  Experience: BA 7 - 12.
 Experience: BA 10 - 15 years.
 Using privileged level access, test and integrate emerging tools, technologies and capabilities such as Data Centers, Access management, Configuration Management, Cisco Internet Operating system (IOS), VPNs, IPSEC, Cloud Concepts, virtualization, F5s, EP-DNS, Sysman, ACAS, HBSS, Hyper-V, VMware Suite, Cisco UCS, NetApp (NetApp Data ONTAP, NetApp OnCommand, and NetApp SnapVault), FlexPod Data ONTAP Operating in 7-Mode Deployments, Nexus Switches, Fabric Interconnects, Linux, Windows 10, Windows Server 2016, SQL 2016, Exchange, System Center Operations Manager (SCOM), Netscout, Wireshark, System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM), Windows Server Update Services (WSUS), .  Knowledge Management System (KMS), RedHat STIGing and patching, Ansible Tower, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI), Tenant Backups, and Disaster recovery, Commvault and additional third-party technologies based on Government requirements.  Experience installing, configuring, administering and troubleshooting Citrix (including experience with Metaframe, Presentation Server, and XenApp Citrix versions).  Practical knowledge of WAN acceleration technologies such as Riverbed products and hands-on experience with KG-175 and KG-250 series of National Security Agency (NSA) encryptors in classified and coalition networks and working knowledge of management software such as GEM X and ViaSat VINE Manager.  Experience: BA 7 - 12.
 Experience: BA 7 - 12.
 Experience: BA 10 - 15 years.
 Assist the NETCOM G-3 in development of enterprise services/capabilities, including registration and maintenance of systems registered in the CIO/G6 Army Portfolio Management System (APMS) system.  Experience: BA 6 - 9 years.
 Experience: BA 10 - 15 years.
 Experience: BA 4 - 9.
 Assist the NETCOM G-3 in development of enterprise services/capabilities, including registration and maintenance of systems registered in the CIO/G6 Army Portfolio Management System (APMS) system.  Experience: BA 6 - 9 years.
 Experience: BA 7 - 12 years.
 Experience excellence, support process redesign of Customer touchpoints.  Masters degree a plus.  Strong quantitative, analytical, problem-solving and systemic thinking skills with ability to thoroughly synthesize information from different.  Proven Project Management experienceEffective communication, Change Management, and Facilitation skills.  Spanish and French are positiveDigitalization: Artificial Intelligence (AI), OCR, Robotic Process Automation (RPA)?봘iPath experience preferred.
 Expertise and Management .  Expertise.  10-15 years financial experience.  Proven success in delivering programs and meeting timelines.  We truly believe our employees diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients.
 Experience:.  A minimum of 15+ years of related experience.  Relevant experience in a product marketing role for software products in the high-tech industry.  Proven ability to work in a matrix environment.  Experience in the EDA, semiconductor or foundry (preferred).
Are you an experienced Senior Software Engineer who loves to write clean and secure code? Is building skilled web applications your forte? Do you enjoy being a team leader and a mentor? If yes, we want to hear from you!Clarip's patented Hybrid Artificial Intelligence technology is disrupting the fast growing Data Privacy industry and we are looking for engineers like you to join our team and make a difference. RequirementsA degree in computer engineering or similar subject. 7-10 years of experience building web applicationsPrior work in a team-oriented environment as a full stack or back end engineerSolid experience with LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP)Hands on experience with JQuery and Bootstrap and building RESTful APIs, AJAXSkilled in building highly-scalable web applications (e.  Experience with SQL stored procedures, database architecture, micro services, message queues.  Ability to build scalable, load balanced web applications.  Excellent command line skills on LINUX.  Knowledge of container technology (docker, etc.  Experience with NoSQL/Hadoop/Hive/HBASE, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.  Experience using third-party testing tools and frameworks and working with version control systems such as GIT, Bitbucket, etc. PlusesHands-on experience with Python, Java or AI AlgorithmsContribution to open-source projectsCompensationCompetitive salary, based on the experienceStock optionsPaid vacationWhat we offerA creative job with a lot of opportunity to grow professionallyContributing to something that is truly impacting people迦s livesBecoming part of the movement that cares about data privacyLife is short.  Experience:software development: 7 years (Required)PHP: 5 years (Preferred)Additional Compensation:BonusesOther formsWork Location:One locationThis Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneousAdaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in directionAchievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might failAutonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little directionInnovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativityHigh stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environmentThis Company Describes Its Culture as:Innovative -- innovative and risk-takingAggressive -- competitive and growth-orientedOutcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance cultureTeam-oriented -- cooperative and collaborativeSchedule:Monday to FridayWork Remotely:No.
 Success in this role will require a combination of skills in people management, client management, analytics and critical thinking.  Will you be next?Location: West Coast, Chicago, Boston and Northern NJConsulting Practice PROFILE RESPONBILITIES: Candidates will be expected to have familiarity with Solution for Patient Centricity to sales and marketing problems: 쨌 Marketing mix modelling & promotion response쨌 Commercial Model Design, Sales Force Sizing and Structure쨌 Patient analytics using Real-World Data sources such as anonymized longitudinal patient claims data, lab/diagnostic testing data, etc. 쨌 Territory Alignment, Sales Call Planning, Incentive CompensationRequired Skills/.  Experience쨌 Advanced degree, MBS, M.  Demonstrated leadership skills in managing and developing people쨌 Good project, time and resource management skills to deliver projects and large engagements on time and within budget쨌 .  Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills, with experience structuring solutions to business problems involving data and advanced analytics쨌 .  Excellent communication skills and the ability to communicate actionable findings to a non-technical audience in clear and concise language쨌 Exceptional client interaction and client relationship management skills쨌 .  Familiarity with a range of advanced analytics techniques, including predictive analytics, AI/Machine Learning, and optimization쨌 .  Exposure to / experience working with large data sets쨌 .  Familiarity with Pharmaceutical data sets such as prescriber-plan data, patient level data, transactional claims, EMR/EHR data, SPP Hub data, diagnostic data etc.  Experience:Advanced Analytics Modeling: 7 years (Required)Education:Master's (Preferred)Work authorization:United States (Required)Additional Compensation:BonusesWork Location:Multiple locationsCompany's website:https://www.
Master's/Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related technical field10+ years of experience developing software5+ years of experience managing diverse and technically deep software development teams (Java, Python)3+ years of experience working with science, Data Warehousing systems, Cloud Computing and AWS technologiesResults oriented person, ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences, including non-technical.  Within this organization the Browse Classification AI team is seeking an experienced Software Development Manager for leading initiatives in Product Classification.  Your developments are directly related to Amazons Browse and Search experiences and impact millions of customers.  A successful candidate will have an established background in building innovative systems from inception to production, scaling systems with large data sets, developing customer-facing experiences, and making data-driven decisions.  Hiring, developing, and mentoring software developers, and managing investments that accelerate scaling for new marketplacesOwning the strategic planning and execution for long-term projects, creating value for our customersCollaborating effectively across multiple software engineering, applied science team and retail businesses to distill requirements that impact their customer experiencesReporting on the status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management.  PhD preferred in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related disciplineMore than 5 years of industrial/academic experience in building applied ML systems based on Deep Neural Networks, NLP, and Computer Vision, delivered to productionDeep understanding of distributed and service-oriented architectures; delivered large scale commercial enterprise software systems or online services.  Proven track record of inventing simple solutions to solve complex challenges, and contributions that have advanced the field.  Experience in delivering systems at scale similar to Amazon.
 Certification In one or more of these areas; CompTIA Network+/ MS Windows Server Certifications/ CCNA, or other similar certifications, strongly desired.  6+ years of experience using Active Directory/LDAP user and group administration in medium sized companies.  Strong Powershell/Automation skills a must.  Strong in Linux/UNIX administration.  Ability to troubleshoot network issues including backbone infrastructure issues.  Previous hands-on experience working with VMware.  AWS experience.  Founded in 2014 with a legacy in space exploration, Beyond Limits is transforming proven technologies from Caltech and NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory into advanced AI solutions, hardened to industrial strength, and put to work for forward-looking companies on earth.
Master's/Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, or related technical field10+ years of experience developing software5+ years of experience managing diverse and technically deep software development teams (Java, Python)3+ years of experience working with science, Data Warehousing, ETL, Hadoop, Spark, EMR, and AWS technologiesResults oriented person, ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills, ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences, including non-technical.  Within this organization the Browse Classification and Discovery team is seeking an experienced Software Development Manager for the charter of Taxonomy Performance and Product .  The work influences day-to-day decision making for business priorities at Amazon and helps to improve the customer experience by providing KPIs that quantify performance relative to customer traffic, assess product discoverability and influence shopping advancements.  A successful candidate will have an established background in building innovative systems from inception to production, scaling systems with large data sets, developing customer-facing experiences, and making data-driven decisions.  Hiring, developing, and mentoring software developers, and managing investments that accelerate scaling for new marketplacesOwning the strategic planning and execution for long-term projects, creating value for our customersCollaborating effectively across multiple software engineering, applied science team and retail businesses to distill requirements that impact their customer experiencesReporting on the status of development, quality, operations, and system performance to management.  PhD preferred in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related discipline7+ years of experience working in data science in a consumer product company.  Proven track record of inventing simple solutions to solve complex challenges, delivering systems at scale similar to Amazon.
 The ideal candidate will have the following skills in addition to the qualifications listed below.  Must be a team player with demonstrated experience in technically influencing others at all levels of the organization, including senior management within a customer's organization.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills necessary to lead at all levels of the organization.  Excellent analytical skills. Tolerance for and experience working in ambiguous situations.  In this position you will gain invaluable experience which will allow growth and expanded opportunities within this business group as well as future possible opportunities with other business groups within Intel.  Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field plus 9 years of industry work experience, or a Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field plus 6 years of industry work experience, or a PhD in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related field plus 4 years of industry work experience. 7 plus years of experience leading cross-site product teams (systems, software, ingredients) with a proven track record of meeting project commitments. 7 years of experience with Implementation and management of complex processes and tasking teams while working cross-divisionally. 5 years of experience managing project costs (planning/tracking/EAC), schedule, risk management, and change control processes. 5 years of experience managing effective external customer relationships.  Experience with US Government (USG) funded contracts and a working knowledge of USG regulations (FAR, CAS regulations) governing such contracts.  Experience working with teams that are writing responses to Requests for Proposals (RFPs) with the USG.
 10+ years of related experience.  College Degree or equivalent experience.  Strong business acumen with a tech savviness.  Ability to work hands-on in a fast-paced environment with little supervision.  Passion for and familiarity with emerging capabilities, especially the AI / ML domain.  Management consulting experience in areas such as strategy, program management, change management, process management, etc.  Proven success leading and implementing a broad range of strategic and tactical initiatives.  Strong quantitative, analytic and project management skills.  Excellent presentation and oral communication skills.  Ability to travel ~ 25%.  Ability to translate complex ideas and concepts into easily understandable information.
 Minimum requirement PhD and 5+ years of relevant experience.  Experienced with leading projects and teams.  Proficiency in modern deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch.  Exposure to robotics or similar autonomous machine development.  Project management experience.
 Experience??is a super essential companion to the GeForce graphics card, and offers an integrated platform to keep your drivers up to date, optimize your game settings, capture and share gameplay videos, and livestream with friends.  Experience team with the smartest people in the world and to put your passion to work.  BSEE/CS or equivalent experience.  15+ years of software development or equivalent experience; 10+ years of experience in leading a SW engineering team.  Knowledge of Video Games and Gaming ecosystem.  Experience with basics of angular frameworks and user interface design,.  Motivation to achieve results in a fast-paced dynamic development environment with a proven record of managing software projects with interrelated dependencies.  Proven record and strong focus in driving continuous improvements in quality in large software projects.  Knowledge of GPU technologies.  Experience with game streaming and social-platform APIs.  Knowledge of video encoding and video streaming.
Our Fortune 500 client in the New York City Metropolitan Area is seeking an accomplished Consulting Director, Data Strategy with strategic mindset and significant practical hands-on experience, to lead the architecture and drive the design as well as implementation of the state-of-the-art data processing, analytics, and reporting capabilities across multiple technology domains.  Leverage experience and perform appropriate due diligence to make well informed build or buy decisions for Data management platform capabilities in our rapidly growing and evolving environment considering speed to market and customer needs in mind to deliver business outcomes.  Bachelor's degree in Technology, Computer Science or a related discipline OR equivalent relevant experience.  10+ years of demonstrated technology leadership experience implementing large scale data management and exchange projects with at least 7 years of experience as a Data Architect or deep involvement in Applications and Integrations Architecture.  Must possess an engineering mind-set and have experience with Operational Data Stores, Enterprise Data Warehousing, Data Marts and iPaaS products.  Strong design and implementation background enabling data exchange with customer facing Web and Mobile applications.  5+ years proven experience architecting solutions related to distributed applications, monolithic solutions, legacy databases (DB2, SQL Server, Oracle, etc.  Proven experience driving legacy modernization including decomposition and modularization of monolithic platforms.  Experience delivering Data evolution roadmaps and technology blueprints for large programs and transformations.  Experience in leveraging data for machine learning, artificial intelligence and cognitive computing use cases.  Experience in facilitating and working with data analytics teams.  Solid understanding of the full application development life cycle and practical operations support experience.  Experience in leading or collaborating with teams of architects and/or developers.  Ability to lead and influence small to large teams of technical experts is required.  Experience interfacing with senior leaders in the organization and fluency in simplifying technical complexities required.  Strong communication, presentation and articulation skills is needed.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent experience).  7+ years of hands-on experience with UNIX/Linux server environments.  Strong Linux systems administration skills and experience with open source technologies.  Proven skills in software application build, installation, and optimization in Linux clusters and other environments.  Ability to communicate clearly and effectively.  Strong knowledge of High Performance Computing (HPC) application development.  Strong familiarity with Kubernetes or Red Hat OpenShift.  Familiarity with data science tools, such as Jupyter notebooks.  Familiarity with accelerated computing technologies (e.
 You have prior experience working on distributed systems.  You are experienced at building highly available services, possessing knowledge of common service-oriented design patterns and service-to-service communication protocols.  You have experience with production operations and good practices for putting quality code in production and troubleshoot issues when they arise.  Preferably, production experience with Cloud and ML technologies.   Preferably, production experience with Cloud and ML technologies.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 You have prior experience working on distributed systems.  You are experienced at building highly available services, possessing knowledge of common service-oriented design patterns and service-to-service communication protocols.  You have experience with production operations and good practices for putting quality code in production and troubleshoot issues when they arise.  Preferably, production experience with Cloud and ML technologies.   Preferably, production experience with Cloud and ML technologies.  Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization.  BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area.  7 years of software engineering or related experience.
 Drive the maturity of the BSA/AML/Sanctions Program strategy and roadmap which includes identifying and managing innovation initiatives including performing proof-of-concepts, conducting industry research, analyzing vendors and tools.  Maintains awareness of BSA, OFAC, USA PATRIOT Act and current related regulations, directives, and guidance as it impacts FCRM processes, systems and technology.  Experience Requirements.  An undergraduate degree in a related field or an equivalent combination of training and experience.  Seven years BSA/AML/OFAC and compliance experience, including seven years testing and validating BSA/AML/OFAC models, seven years tuning and optimizing BSA/AML monitoring and detection systems and seven years in a leadership or management role.  Seven years management consultant experience (preferably from a Big-4).  One year of FinTech tools experience including cross-border AML technology, RPA/Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence toolsets.  Knowledge of FinTech/RegTech concepts and trends.  Knowledge of financial math, financial economics and/or statistics, including clustering and factor analysis.  In depth understanding of BSA/AML and OFAC regulatory requirements, technology, and data analysis best practices to guide decision making and execution of AML technology and enterprise wide AML initiatives.  Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.  Strong problem solving, critical thinking and analytical skills with the ability to apply defined methodology to monitoring processes.  Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.  Team player able to work effectively in a team fostered, multi-tasking environment (preferably with experience related to Agile-based projects).
 Our amazing men and women are on a mission to make a difference in the world and every day we use our unique skills and experiences to create, design and build solutions to some of the worlds hardest engineering problems.  Experience and in-depth knowledge of and experiences with cost estimating, BOE generation, schedule/cost management is required.  Excellent written, verbal and communication skills are required.  Solid leadership experience (includes knowledge of system engineering, software dev, test and delivery) and good overall technical knowledge base.  Experience leading program reviews with customer to discuss cost, schedule and technical performance.  Proven project management skills, including cost and schedule management and the ability to effectively multi-task and meet demanding schedules.  Proficiency with earned value management, including specific CAM experience.  Prior leadership (EM/EPM or DPM/PM or RTE/PO) experience.  Desired Skills:.  Experience managing/leading NGA programs, with specific experience in the Mission Solutions arena with knowledge of upcoming deliveries and milestones.  As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges.  Experienced Professional.
 Requires BA/BS with 10 years of experience with at least 4 years of management level responsibility.
 Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, and a strong focus on project management tools and concepts.  Proven track record of implementing new technology, agile development and interfacing with technical teams to deliver on customer schedules.  Experience with firm fixed price, indefinite demand indefinite delivery contracts and Other Transaction Authority Agreements.  Experience with DOD and commercial Unmanned Aircraft Systems and related software development.  Government Program Management experience, to include: Technology Assessments, Systems Design, Systems Analysis, Programmatic Support, Acquisition Planning, and Budget Planning.  Ability to address complex procurement related matters and recommend solutions to acquisition challenges.  Ability to obtain Secret or Top-Secret Security Clearance.  Ability to travel 40% of the time.  Ability to obtain Part 107 certificate.
 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science Engineering or Electrical Engineering5+ years of technical product management experience building successful enterprise products5+ years of experience in managing cloud computing products and service at scale5+ years experience exploring technical feasibility tradeoffs and defining system architectures.  Amazon Connect is a highly disruptive cloud-based contact center that enables businesses to deliver engaging, dynamic, and personal customer service experiences.  Amazon Connect leverages the power of Artificial Intelligence and the large ecosystem of AWS services such as Amazon Lex, Amazon Polly, AWS Lambda, Amazon S3 and Amazon Kinesis to provide a truly frustration free, easy-to-use, extensible, and natural customer experience.  We are looking for passionate, talented, and experienced Product Managers to join us to innovate on this new service that addresses customer needs to build modern contact centers in the cloud.  Functional experience and depth with contact center technologies.  Masters in Business Administration.  Proven track record of understanding customer needs, taking a product from conception, definition phase through Engineering design and Go to marketTrack record of high-scale technology launches ??e.  Strong track record of shaping business strategy for technical products or services for large Enterprises or partners.  Strong communication skills for both a technical and business audience, with an emphasis on writing down ideas effectivelySharp analytical abilities, proven design skills, and a track record of deliveryUnderstand customer needs and align them to a long-term product vision.  Experience with cloud technology.  Proven ability to influence a large organization effectively.
 The candidate is someone with proven record of technology project execution with ability to get hands on when it comes to analysis design and execution, someone with creativity and self-motivation to delivery on mission critical projects.  15+ years experience in IT developing data processing solutions and at least 3+ years leading projects.  Experience with designing & architecting services, systems & data platforms.  Experience with designing & architecting BigData platforms is a plus.  Experience in event driven architectures, message hub, MQ, Kafka is required.  Expertise in J2EE concepts, micro service architecture, Docker, ETL tools, Data as a Service, Star Schema, Dimension modelling, OLTP, ACID and data structures is desired.  Experience in financial industry working on financial reporting/regulatory projects is a plus.  Experience in evaluating software estimating cost and delivery timelines and managing financials.  Experience leading agile delivery & adhering to SDLC processes is required.  Masters or B.  degree in Computer Science or related field.  Ability to lead delivery, manage team members if required and provide feedback.  Ability to make effective decisions and manage change.  Ability to multi-task energetic fast learner & problem solver.  We truly believe our employees diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspective are a powerful contributor to creating an inclusive environment where everyone can thrive and reach their maximum potential while adding value to both our organization and our clients.
 Doctorate degree and 4 years of relevant statistical programming/systems engineering/application programming experience in a clinical development or life sciences setting.  Masters degree and 8 years of relevant statistical programming/systems engineering/application programming experience in a clinical development or life sciences setting.  Bachelors degree and 10 years of relevant statistical programming/systems engineering/application programming experience in a clinical development or life sciences setting.  4 years of managerial experience directly managing people and/or leadership experience leading teams, projects, programs or directing the allocation of resources.  MSc or higher degree in quantitative or scientific subjects.  10+ years of relevant statistical programming or Software Development experience in a clinical development environment supporting statistical programming.  Experienced leader with systems architecture, platform technologies including ASP, Cloud, and other technologies.  Experience working effectively in a globally dispersed team environment with cross-cultural partners.  Excellent oral and written English communication skills.  Strong negotiation skills.  Prior staff development leadership and project management experience.  In-Depth experience in project management to enable deliverables done on time and to a high quality.  Working experience with clinical trial data.  Working experience in submissions, ad-hoc tasks, and complex data mappings.  Working experience with external Functional Service Providers (FSP) or CRO.  Experience of data sciences, automation, and artificial intelligence in support of stat programming activities.  Expertise with other programming languages (e.  Working experience with external staffing providers.  Ability to train others.
10+ years of highly technical and analytical IT experience. 5+ years of design & implementation experience with distributed applications.  Experience in the Manufacturing industry or in consulting with customers in the Manufacturing the industry.  Are you experienced in manufacturing supply chain, product design, automation, or production operations? Are you passionate about helping manufacturers and suppliers modernize their technology, leverage IoT and Machine Learning technologies?.  Experience with the cloud isn't a requirement but familiarity with it impact on the manufacturing industry is valuable.  An advanced degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics.  Experience working within software development for SaaS applications.  Experience migrating or transforming legacy customer solutions to the cloud. 3+ years of experience building and designing solutions that run in virtualized environments.  Excellent understanding of advanced analytic techniques such as machine learning models, deep learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision, and the application of these analytic approaches to manufacturing workloads.  Experience presenting to both large and small audiences (Executives, IT Management, and developers).  Strong written and verbal communications skills, across internal and external organizations.
 Experience.  The Business Development Manager is experienced in automation architectures involving multiple products and technologies and has extensive knowledge in developing accounts Building and growing customer relationship is a strength.  More than 4 years Business Development / Key Account Management / Sales and related management experience with track record of successful performance, preferably in the relevant industry.  Minimum 3 years experience in leading sophisticated projects/customers successfully.  Validated expertise in developing account business plans and strategic customer approaches.  Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience (BS in Engineering preferred).  Strong Presentation Skills.  Experience Level: .  Experienced Professional.
 Foxconn Industrial Internet (FII), is seeking a Data Center Sales Manager with proven high-level expertise in selling data center infrastructure-related solutions.  Experience Requirements:.  Ideal candidates will also have experience selling professional services around data center build-out and migration.  Knowledge of virtual machine resource allocation, cloud storage service and cloud service migration would be a great candidate.  Knowledge of data center design and deployment best practices expertise related to structural support systems, power distribution to the cabinet level, carrier infrastructures, structured cable plant, space planning, physical security/ access control and overall data center layout would be a plusknowledge of IT construction, cabling infrastructure build out, power distribution and cooling methods would be beneficialPrior experience with large-scale data center design, build-out and relocation projectsProfessional sales and negotiations training5+ years Data Center & IDC ecosystem experience with a focus on HPC system integration and services sales . 5+ years people leadership experience and capabilities to in Data Center & IDC ecosystem.  Experience with digital transformation and omnichannel evolution leading to joint profitabilityCoaching and negotiation internally and externally to bring products to market that will winStrategic business planning, analysis and insight to capture growth opportunitiesHigh standards and ethics in business practices.  Ability to learn/ramp fast to achieve impact.: